<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by ogondza at 18:07:53 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-4'>orrc</a>,
    18:08:03)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">#jenkins-meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-45'>ogondza</a>, 18:18:31)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck
    file INFRA issue for #jenkins-meeting</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-69'>ogondza</a>,
    18:23:57)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Should we only include plugins in the Update Centre if they have a wiki page?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-77'>ogondza</a>, 18:24:47)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/oEHEjKo08yA/S_uQ_C_7NMQJ</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-78'>orrc</a>,
    18:25:03)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">orrc to
    publish a pull request to be merged June 1st which excludes bad
    plugins from the UC</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-134'>orrc</a>,
    18:39:16)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">orrc to
    publish a pull request to be merged June 1st which excludes bad
    plugins from the UC</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-136'>ogondza</a>,
    18:39:35)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">orrc to try
    and make plugin-related wiki pages even more clear about requiring a
    wiki URL</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-137'>orrc</a>,
    18:40:27)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">add/fix wiki
    links where there is no doubt</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-146'>ogondza</a>,
    18:42:36)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Using a CDN
    with HTTPS / removing need for mirrorbrain?</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-165'>ogondza</a>,
    18:47:03)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Using a CDN with HTTPS / removing need for mirrorbrain?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-169'>ogondza</a>, 18:47:25)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    look at an initial fastly prototype</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-191'>orrc</a>,
    18:51:43)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    audit the Infra subsection of the wiki for sensitive material so it
    can be opened up more broadly</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-209'>rtyler</a>,
    18:58:47)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">orrc and
    rtyler to create "atlassian admins" to help get coverage on
    jira/wiki</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-223'>rtyler</a>,
    19:02:16)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Further requirements for plugins published in the community update center</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-228'>orrc</a>, 19:03:27)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">orrc to look
    at the UC changes mentioned to validate &lt;scm&gt; and user
    info</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-313'>orrc</a>,
    19:28:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">orrc to
    investigate UC changes so it requires proper SCM, tag, and
    uploader</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-328'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:32:50)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    get data on necessary Github permission changes</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-331'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:33:14)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html#l-333'>orrc</a>, 19:33:44)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:34:20 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>danielbeck file INFRA issue for #jenkins-meeting</li>
  <li>orrc to publish a pull request to be merged June 1st which excludes bad plugins from the UC</li>
  <li>orrc to publish a pull request to be merged June 1st which excludes bad plugins from the UC</li>
  <li>orrc to try and make plugin-related wiki pages even more clear about requiring a wiki URL</li>
  <li>add/fix wiki links where there is no doubt</li>
  <li>Using a CDN with HTTPS / removing need for mirrorbrain?</li>
  <li>rtyler to look at an initial fastly prototype</li>
  <li>rtyler to audit the Infra subsection of the wiki for sensitive material so it can be opened up more broadly</li>
  <li>orrc and rtyler to create "atlassian admins" to help get coverage on jira/wiki</li>
  <li>orrc to look at the UC changes mentioned to validate &lt;scm&gt; and user info</li>
  <li>orrc to investigate UC changes so it requires proper SCM, tag, and uploader</li>
  <li>danielbeck to get data on necessary Github permission changes</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> danielbeck <ol>
    <li>danielbeck file INFRA issue for #jenkins-meeting</li>
    <li>danielbeck to get data on necessary Github permission changes</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> orrc <ol>
    <li>orrc to publish a pull request to be merged June 1st which excludes bad plugins from the UC</li>
    <li>orrc to publish a pull request to be merged June 1st which excludes bad plugins from the UC</li>
    <li>orrc to try and make plugin-related wiki pages even more clear about requiring a wiki URL</li>
    <li>orrc and rtyler to create "atlassian admins" to help get coverage on jira/wiki</li>
    <li>orrc to look at the UC changes mentioned to validate &lt;scm&gt; and user info</li>
    <li>orrc to investigate UC changes so it requires proper SCM, tag, and uploader</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to look at an initial fastly prototype</li>
    <li>rtyler to audit the Infra subsection of the wiki for sensitive material so it can be opened up more broadly</li>
    <li>orrc and rtyler to create "atlassian admins" to help get coverage on jira/wiki</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>add/fix wiki links where there is no doubt</li>
    <li>Using a CDN with HTTPS / removing need for mirrorbrain?</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>orrc (105)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (91)</li>
  <li>rtyler (55)</li>
  <li>ogondza (39)</li>
  <li>batmat (13)</li>
  <li>jglick (11)</li>
  <li>jenkins-admin (7)</li>
  <li>ericmeds (4)</li>
  <li>jenkins-builds (4)</li>
  <li>deebo (2)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>StuartWhelan (2)</li>
  <li>jmartinstw (1)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (1)</li>
  <li>abayer (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
