18:01:12 <kohsuke> #startmeeting
18:01:12 <robobutler> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
18:01:23 <kohsuke> ... though I realize we haven't posted the entry up in the agenda doc
18:01:28 <kohsuke> https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
18:02:34 <kohsuke> if ogondza is around, I wonder if LTS release is good to go?
18:02:42 <ogondza> kohsuke: it is
18:02:56 <kohsuke> cool
18:03:00 <ogondza> btw, I nticed the buts on rc page was not updated
18:03:04 <ogondza> can I help?
18:03:09 <kohsuke> buts?
18:03:15 <ogondza> bits, sorry
18:03:22 <kohsuke> oh
18:03:23 <ogondza> https://jenkins-ci.org/stable-rc
18:03:38 <ogondza> the text is wrong, and so is the content
18:03:46 <kohsuke> Maybe UCv3 change broke something
18:04:02 <kohsuke> Let me check
18:05:00 <kohsuke> danielbeck: anything else to discuss?
18:05:11 <rtyler> right, it's game time
18:05:24 <danielbeck> not from me
18:05:38 <danielbeck> oh, wait
18:06:04 <danielbeck> We're restarting the Patron program
18:06:21 <danielbeck> more of an announcement than a discussion though, and there'll be a post to the dev list.
18:06:28 <rtyler> sounds good to me
18:06:46 <rtyler> can I ask an unrelated question while we have folks here kohsuke?
18:06:51 <kohsuke> yes
18:06:56 <rtyler> https://www.cloudbees.com/press/cloudbees-and-jenkins-community-announce-integration-kubernetes
18:07:06 <rtyler> I'm curious what the guidelines are for "Jenkins community" announcing anything :P
18:07:33 <rtyler> I noticed that and it struck me as an odd announcement
18:07:34 <kohsuke> yes, that's good point
18:07:40 <rtyler> I didn't realize we had anything to do with CB's kubernetes work
18:07:57 <kohsuke> the effort was really meant to be done through the dev list and the community
18:08:22 <rtyler> if it was, then forget I said anything, I might have missed the work
18:08:25 <kohsuke> there was some co-development between some engineers from Google and some engineers from CB and it all happened through OSS jenkinsci repos
18:08:29 <SeaOrifice> Hi all, is is possible to override the jobdsl for Workflow project so that i can use CpsScmFlowDefinition which allows us to apply scm block and scriptpath ?
18:08:40 <rtyler> SeaOrifice: give us a sec, we're in a meeting
18:08:44 <rtyler> (project meeting)
18:08:49 <kohsuke> But we failed to make proper noise out of it --- dev list thread, blog post etc.
18:08:54 <SeaOrifice> ok
18:08:57 <rtyler> kohsuke: ah, okay, no biggie then
18:09:16 <rtyler> I wasn't aware there was cross-corporate collab happening via jenkins OSS
18:09:56 <kohsuke> I do think it makes sense to have some blessing from the project for a press release that says "Jenkins community" announcing something.
18:10:33 <rtyler> I'm generally pretty relaxed in that regard, if there's links to some oSS repos and a jenkins-ci.org blog post from a community member, then that's gravy to me
18:10:54 <rtyler> anyways, just something I wanted to make sure I understood, seemed like a good venue to ask
18:11:06 <kohsuke> OK, we really want to do this better, so next time around it'll be better.
18:11:12 <kohsuke> Yes
18:11:25 <rtyler> there's not really anything on the agenda otherwise?
18:11:29 <kohsuke> I was at OSCON yesterday waving the Jenkins flag in Kubernetes event
18:11:36 <kohsuke> Correct, let's close it
18:11:38 <rtyler> the SPoFs are starting to fall in infra land
18:11:40 <rtyler> wooooot
18:12:02 <kohsuke> #topic next meeting time
18:12:23 <kohsuke> August 5th, same time
18:13:07 <rtyler> I won't be ble to make that one unfortunately
18:13:08 <hare_brain> I'll be on vacation. But it's not like I've been adding value to these meetings lately.
18:13:15 <rtyler> I will be actually vacationing in .de :)
18:13:31 <rtyler> could we do the next wed
18:13:33 <hare_brain> .ca for me
18:13:40 <rtyler> and I'll add an infra status report/update to the agenda
18:13:48 <rtyler> motivate the squashing of some of these remaining tickets
18:14:51 <jet> Anyone have recent success getting the S3 plugin working with Jenkins? I'm getting a NullPointerException no matter what configuration changes I try.
18:15:44 <kohsuke> ogondza: filed INFRA-339 for this
18:15:47 <jenkins-admin> INFRA-339:https://jenkins-ci.org/stable-rc is stale (Open) https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-339
18:16:39 <ogondza> kohsuke: thanks
18:17:43 <rtyler> kohsuke: whatcha think?
18:18:06 <kohsuke> what do I think about what?
18:18:18 <kohsuke> #endmeeting