<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:02:31 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-3'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:02:38)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">recap of actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-4'>kohsuke</a>, 18:02:47)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/MEETING</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-5'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:03:04)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    write to christina</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-14'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:04:50)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">JUC 2015 - obtain approval for a Mobile Morning mini-track that focus on Jenkins mobile development (Alyssa)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-20'>kohsuke</a>, 18:05:45)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Build/publisher steps &amp; AbortException handling</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-35'>kohsuke</a>, 18:10:51)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Defining guidelines on expected behavior and/or structure for plugins? If so, should we enforce them?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-38'>kohsuke</a>, 18:11:40)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Would changing the meeting time to 10 AM PST/PDT allow overruns?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-42'>kohsuke</a>, 18:12:43)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">if oleg,
    kostyasha or anyone else really want to change the time, we'll
    reconsider, but for now we keep the time as is.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-61'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:17:16)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Who gets voice on IRC? "Committers"... to any plugin? To core?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-62'>kohsuke</a>, 18:17:25)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    log #jenkins-infra</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-96'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:26:13)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">we'll run
    jenkins-admin bot also in #jenkins-infra and restrict destructive
    commands to people with +v on #jenkins-infra</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-104'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:27:59)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    ask oleg if he can hack ircbot to do this</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-105'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:28:13)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">JENKINS-27268</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-109'>kohsuke</a>, 18:28:50)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Master/slave_%28technology%29">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Master/slave_%28technology%29</a>
    generally <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-178'>jglick</a>,
    18:45:26)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Bug bounties/rewards for security issues</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-224'>kohsuke</a>, 18:55:35)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://blog.cloudbees.com/2015/01/breakingbuilds-twitter-contest-results.html">http://blog.cloudbees.com/2015/01/breakingbuilds-twitter-contest-results.html</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-242'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:00:04)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://www.shapeways.com/product/NZAN5AGUS/mr-jenkins-v2">https://www.shapeways.com/product/NZAN5AGUS/mr-jenkins-v2</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-246'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:01:20)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">non-cash
    gifts to be provided to reporters of SECURITY issues if and when the
    issue is accepted as a vulnerability (not merely security hardening)
    and a fix published. Maximum one gift per reporter and Jenkins
    committers are excluded.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-282'>jglick</a>,
    19:09:46)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Resurrecting the MEETING Jira project (maybe even have the bot create issues for action items automatically)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-288'>danielbeck</a>, 19:11:45)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/MEETING">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/MEETING</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-294'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:13:21)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/MEETING</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-295'>jglick</a>,
    19:13:46)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Kamran to
    look into adding MEETING issue creation to robobutler</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-331'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:23:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">The important content of the Wiki is difficult to find (between outdated or even empty pages), and there's no real introduction to Jenkins â€“ What can we do about it?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-334'>danielbeck</a>, 19:23:29)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Meet+Jenkins">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Meet+Jenkins</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-338'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:24:59)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    ask for ideas on improving the documentation on the dev list</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-375'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:38:33)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Proposal: move Jenkins official image repo to jenkinsci org so enhancement / version updates can be managed by the community</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-378'>danielbeck</a>, 19:39:09)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://github.com/cloudbees/jenkins-ci.org-docker</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-388'>jglick</a>,
    19:40:55)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/jenkins-infra">https://github.com/jenkins-infra</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-396'>jglick</a>,
    19:43:04)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://registry.hub.docker.com/_/jenkins/</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-412'>jglick</a>,
    19:47:28)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://registry.hub.docker.com/search?q=library&amp;f=official">https://registry.hub.docker.com/search?q=library&amp;f=official</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-414'>jglick</a>,
    19:47:56)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">move Jenkins
    docker repo from @cloudbees into @jenkinsci, rename to
    jenkins-docker-container</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-439'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:53:30)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ndeloof to do
    the move</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-440'>jglick</a>,
    19:53:53)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Disabling "Clone" feature in JIRA</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-445'>danielbeck</a>, 19:54:16)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span
    class="AGREED">Remove/disable clone action in Jira</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-466'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:59:05)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    figure out how to get rid of clone in Jira</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-468'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:59:38)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">The Chinese mirror is a mess</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-469'>danielbeck</a>, 19:59:49)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://mirrors.jenkins-ci.org/status.html</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-470'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:59:58)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    disable mirror.bit.edu.cn</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-512'>kohsuke</a>,
    20:08:13)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">somebody
    needs to file INFRA ticket to puppetize mirrobrain</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-515'>kohsuke</a>,
    20:08:44)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html#l-537'>kohsuke</a>, 20:12:56)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:13:22 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>kohsuke to write to christina</li>
  <li>kohsuke to log #jenkins-infra</li>
  <li>danielbeck to ask oleg if he can hack ircbot to do this</li>
  <li>Kamran to look into adding MEETING issue creation to robobutler</li>
  <li>danielbeck to ask for ideas on improving the documentation on the dev list</li>
  <li>ndeloof to do the move</li>
  <li>danielbeck to figure out how to get rid of clone in Jira</li>
  <li>kohsuke to disable mirror.bit.edu.cn</li>
  <li>somebody needs to file INFRA ticket to puppetize mirrobrain</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> danielbeck <ol>
    <li>danielbeck to ask oleg if he can hack ircbot to do this</li>
    <li>danielbeck to ask for ideas on improving the documentation on the dev list</li>
    <li>danielbeck to figure out how to get rid of clone in Jira</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> Kamran <ol>
    <li>Kamran to look into adding MEETING issue creation to robobutler</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>kohsuke to write to christina</li>
    <li>kohsuke to log #jenkins-infra</li>
    <li>kohsuke to disable mirror.bit.edu.cn</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> robobutler <ol>
    <li>Kamran to look into adding MEETING issue creation to robobutler</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>ndeloof to do the move</li>
    <li>somebody needs to file INFRA ticket to puppetize mirrobrain</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>danielbeck (156)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (144)</li>
  <li>Kamran (111)</li>
  <li>jglick (50)</li>
  <li>rtyler (15)</li>
  <li>orrc_ (13)</li>
  <li>jenkins-admin (10)</li>
  <li>ogondza (10)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (6)</li>
  <li>aheritier (5)</li>
  <li>arminius (4)</li>
  <li>schristou (3)</li>
  <li>robobutler (3)</li>
  <li>jenkins-builds (3)</li>
  <li>bookwar (2)</li>
  <li>batmat (2)</li>
  <li>jieryn (1)</li>
  <li>sjmikem (1)</li>
  <li>microm (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
