<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by kohsuke at 19:01:16 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-3'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:01:20)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">recap of actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-5'>kohsuke</a>, 19:01:54)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">I got stickers all ready</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-6'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:02:09)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kk to link
    the stickermule parameters/coordinates for stickers</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-15'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:04:59)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Review proposed www site change from Drupal to static site generation (current repo and generated version of site)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-24'>kohsuke</a>, 19:06:43)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">http://jenkins.lasagna.io/</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-25'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:07:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the source is here:
    https://github.com/rtyler/jenkins.io</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-27'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:07:12)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://www.w3.org/Provider/Style/URI.html">http://www.w3.org/Provider/Style/URI.html</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-63'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:12:52)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler needs
    to ensure "non-story" content doesn't end up in the /blog/
    namespace</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-124'>rtyler</a>,
    19:24:14)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler needs
    to make site generate on cucumber so changelog content is
    incorporated</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-127'>rtyler</a>,
    19:24:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">there is a WEBSITE project in
    issues.jenkins-ci.org which has more tickets and where you should go
    if you're interested in helping drive this forward</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-143'>rtyler</a>,
    19:28:08)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler needs
    to example apache configs for redirects we might have in place
    there</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-150'>rtyler</a>,
    19:29:51)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">CERT membership requests from Ivan Meredith and Ben Walding</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-152'>kohsuke</a>, 19:30:10)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/TachZG6zw44/UMBz91HMAgAJ">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/TachZG6zw44/UMBz91HMAgAJ</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-153'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:30:14)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/TachZG6zw44/v2sG6UvPAgAJ">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/TachZG6zw44/v2sG6UvPAgAJ</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-154'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:30:18)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Jenkins+CERT+team">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Jenkins+CERT+team</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-158'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:31:56)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Thanks Ben
    and Ivan for joining the CERT team</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-174'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:36:21)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Review Board Election Process Proposal and either move forward with the proposal or take feedback so we can have elections next year</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-176'>kohsuke</a>, 19:36:34)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process+Proposal</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-179'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:36:50)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">abayer to
    look up how to do STV with company rule (item 4)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-233'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:44:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">abayer to
    look into implication of having the company quota with STV</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-234'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:44:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    update election proposal based on meeting</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-280'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:50:10)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Jenkins 2.0 proposal recap</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-285'>kohsuke</a>, 19:50:41)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://jenkins-ci.org/content/jenkins-20-proposals</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-287'>rtyler</a>,
    19:51:06)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Symbolics?">https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Symbolics?</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-304'>abayer</a>,
    19:53:39)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">danielbeck is
    appointed as 2.0 release manager</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-335'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:58:44)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-337'>kohsuke</a>, 19:58:57)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Archive+2014">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Archive+2014</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-356'>rtyler</a>,
    20:00:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">we'll stick
    next meeting being 11/25</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html#l-371'>kohsuke</a>,
    20:03:10)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:04:00 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>kk to link the stickermule parameters/coordinates for stickers</li>
  <li>rtyler needs to ensure "non-story" content doesn't end up in the /blog/ namespace</li>
  <li>rtyler needs to make site generate on cucumber so changelog content is incorporated</li>
  <li>rtyler needs to example apache configs for redirects we might have in place there</li>
  <li>abayer to look up how to do STV with company rule (item 4)</li>
  <li>abayer to look into implication of having the company quota with STV</li>
  <li>rtyler to update election proposal based on meeting</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> abayer <ol>
    <li>abayer to look up how to do STV with company rule (item 4)</li>
    <li>abayer to look into implication of having the company quota with STV</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler needs to ensure "non-story" content doesn't end up in the /blog/ namespace</li>
    <li>rtyler needs to make site generate on cucumber so changelog content is incorporated</li>
    <li>rtyler needs to example apache configs for redirects we might have in place there</li>
    <li>rtyler to update election proposal based on meeting</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (141)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (85)</li>
  <li>abayer (49)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (37)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (21)</li>
  <li>teilo (21)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (11)</li>
  <li>batmat (6)</li>
  <li>fredg02 (4)</li>
  <li>jieryn (2)</li>
  <li>robobutler (1)</li>
  <li>Mark_______ (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
