<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:00:29 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-5'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:00:48)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">re-cap of actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-8'>kohsuke</a>, 18:01:08)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-17'>kohsuke</a>, 18:03:06)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">1.625.1 is
    good to go</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-20'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:03:37)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    set up 1.625 update site once the build is up</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-21'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:03:46)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">New Website JIRA project to organize website efforts under</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-22'>kohsuke</a>, 18:03:51)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Quick announcement of #jenkins-community</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-28'>kohsuke</a>, 18:04:24)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">#jenkins-community has been created on Freenode
    to help organize events, documentation and more "meta-conversations"
    around trhe jenkins project itself</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-32'>rtyler</a>,
    18:04:56)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    update IRC Channel wiki page</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-36'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:05:32)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">New Website JIRA project to organize website efforts under</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-39'>kohsuke</a>, 18:06:40)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">JIRA will get
    new WEBSITE project to keep track of the new website project</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-63'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:09:27)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    create WEBSITE project in JIRA</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-64'>rtyler</a>,
    18:09:31)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Approval of new Q4 patron messages by CloudBees</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-66'>kohsuke</a>, 18:09:44)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/5">https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/5</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-69'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:10:08)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">new Q4 patron
    messages by CloudBees (https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/5)
    are blessed</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-93'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:14:37)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Proposal - Project sub-teams</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-94'>kohsuke</a>, 18:14:49)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">proposal here
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Proposal+-+Project+sub-teams</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-95'>rtyler</a>,
    18:14:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I am not proposing team leads at this point,
    only proposing the structure which will allow team leads</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-107'>rtyler</a>,
    18:17:05)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">the subteam
    structure is blessed as of versrsion 10 of
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=82674793</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-191'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:29:54)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    work with the rest of the board to create a request for
    participation for a Security team lead</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-194'>rtyler</a>,
    18:30:38)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtlyer to
    create a page under the governance document outlining the team
    leadership responsibilities</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-206'>rtyler</a>,
    18:33:02)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to do
    that thing up there</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-210'>rtyler</a>,
    18:33:14)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza to
    define the LTS team leadership role</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-222'>rtyler</a>,
    18:34:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">autojack orrc oleg-nenashev will get together
    to ponder plugin/community responsibilities</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-241'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:38:28)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Permission request - Admin access to jenkinsci org</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-242'>kohsuke</a>, 18:38:35)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/pFWSnJ3uHFU">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/pFWSnJ3uHFU</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-252'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:39:29)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">on granting
    oleg-nenashev github org admin access</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-268'>rtyler</a>,
    18:42:12)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">oleg-nenashev
    will step up to more github repo house-keeping work &amp; get admin
    access to the org for that</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-270'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:42:19)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">JIRA project for plugin hosting (and possibly similar) requests</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-271'>kohsuke</a>, 18:42:30)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">we'll create
    a new JIRA project to receive plugin hosting request, and direct
    people to use it instead of sending emails to the dev list</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-360'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:53:38)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    set up Jira project for plugin hosting requests and update dev docs
    to point there</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-361'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:53:45)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-366'>kohsuke</a>, 18:54:09)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">the next meeting is Oct 28th</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-371'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:54:34)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    put up warning in wiki about DST</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-374'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:54:58)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:55:21 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>danielbeck to set up 1.625 update site once the build is up</li>
  <li>danielbeck to update IRC Channel wiki page</li>
  <li>rtyler to create WEBSITE project in JIRA</li>
  <li>rtyler to work with the rest of the board to create a request for participation for a Security team lead</li>
  <li>rtlyer to create a page under the governance document outlining the team leadership responsibilities</li>
  <li>rtyler to do that thing up there</li>
  <li>ogondza to define the LTS team leadership role</li>
  <li>danielbeck to set up Jira project for plugin hosting requests and update dev docs to point there</li>
  <li>danielbeck to put up warning in wiki about DST</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> danielbeck <ol>
    <li>danielbeck to set up 1.625 update site once the build is up</li>
    <li>danielbeck to update IRC Channel wiki page</li>
    <li>danielbeck to set up Jira project for plugin hosting requests and update dev docs to point there</li>
    <li>danielbeck to put up warning in wiki about DST</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>ogondza to define the LTS team leadership role</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to create WEBSITE project in JIRA</li>
    <li>rtyler to work with the rest of the board to create a request for participation for a Security team lead</li>
    <li>rtyler to do that thing up there</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (132)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (78)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (54)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (44)</li>
  <li>batmat (20)</li>
  <li>autojack (15)</li>
  <li>ogondza (14)</li>
  <li>KostyaSha (14)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>orrc (2)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (1)</li>
  <li>alyssa__ (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
