========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:00:29 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2015/jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
  (kohsuke, 18:00:48)
* re-cap of actions  (kohsuke, 18:01:08)

* LTS status check  (kohsuke, 18:03:06)
  * AGREED: 1.625.1 is good to go  (kohsuke, 18:03:37)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to set up 1.625 update site once the build is up
    (danielbeck, 18:03:46)

* New Website JIRA project to organize website efforts under  (kohsuke,
  18:03:51)

* Quick announcement of #jenkins-community  (kohsuke, 18:04:24)
  * #jenkins-community has been created on Freenode to help organize
    events, documentation and more "meta-conversations" around trhe
    jenkins project itself  (rtyler, 18:04:56)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to update IRC Channel wiki page  (danielbeck,
    18:05:32)

* New Website JIRA project to organize website efforts under  (kohsuke,
  18:06:40)
  * AGREED: JIRA will get new WEBSITE project to keep track of the new
    website project  (kohsuke, 18:09:27)
  * ACTION: rtyler to create WEBSITE project in JIRA  (rtyler, 18:09:31)

* Approval of new Q4 patron messages by CloudBees  (kohsuke, 18:09:44)
  * LINK: https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/5   (danielbeck,
    18:10:08)
  * AGREED: new Q4 patron messages by CloudBees
    (https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/5) are blessed  (kohsuke,
    18:14:37)

* Proposal - Project sub-teams  (kohsuke, 18:14:49)
  * proposal here
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Proposal+-+Project+sub-teams
    (rtyler, 18:14:58)
  * I am not proposing team leads at this point, only proposing the
    structure which will allow team leads  (rtyler, 18:17:05)
  * AGREED: the subteam structure is blessed as of versrsion 10 of
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=82674793
    (kohsuke, 18:29:54)
  * ACTION: rtyler to work with the rest of the board to create a
    request for participation for a Security team lead  (rtyler,
    18:30:38)
  * ACTION: rtlyer to create a page under the governance document
    outlining the team leadership responsibilities  (rtyler, 18:33:02)
  * ACTION: rtyler to do that thing up there  (rtyler, 18:33:14)
  * ACTION: ogondza to define the LTS team leadership role  (rtyler,
    18:34:45)
  * autojack orrc oleg-nenashev will get together to ponder
    plugin/community responsibilities  (kohsuke, 18:38:28)

* Permission request - Admin access to jenkinsci org  (kohsuke,
  18:38:35)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/pFWSnJ3uHFU
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:39:29)
  * AGREED: on granting oleg-nenashev github org admin access  (rtyler,
    18:42:12)
  * AGREED: oleg-nenashev will step up to more github repo house-keeping
    work & get admin access to the org for that  (kohsuke, 18:42:19)

* JIRA project for plugin hosting (and possibly similar) requests
  (kohsuke, 18:42:30)
  * AGREED: we'll create a new JIRA project to receive plugin hosting
    request, and direct people to use it instead of sending emails to
    the dev list  (kohsuke, 18:53:38)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to set up Jira project for plugin hosting
    requests and update dev docs to point there  (danielbeck, 18:53:45)

* next meeting  (kohsuke, 18:54:09)
  * the next meeting is Oct 28th  (kohsuke, 18:54:34)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to put up warning in wiki about DST  (danielbeck,
    18:54:58)

Meeting ended at 18:55:21 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* danielbeck to set up 1.625 update site once the build is up
* danielbeck to update IRC Channel wiki page
* rtyler to create WEBSITE project in JIRA
* rtyler to work with the rest of the board to create a request for
  participation for a Security team lead
* rtlyer to create a page under the governance document outlining the
  team leadership responsibilities
* rtyler to do that thing up there
* ogondza to define the LTS team leadership role
* danielbeck to set up Jira project for plugin hosting requests and
  update dev docs to point there
* danielbeck to put up warning in wiki about DST




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* danielbeck
  * danielbeck to set up 1.625 update site once the build is up
  * danielbeck to update IRC Channel wiki page
  * danielbeck to set up Jira project for plugin hosting requests and
    update dev docs to point there
  * danielbeck to put up warning in wiki about DST
* ogondza
  * ogondza to define the LTS team leadership role
* rtyler
  * rtyler to create WEBSITE project in JIRA
  * rtyler to work with the rest of the board to create a request for
    participation for a Security team lead
  * rtyler to do that thing up there
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * rtlyer to create a page under the governance document outlining the
    team leadership responsibilities




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (132)
* kohsuke (78)
* danielbeck (54)
* oleg-nenashev (44)
* batmat (20)
* autojack (15)
* ogondza (14)
* KostyaSha (14)
* robobutler (2)
* orrc (2)
* hare_brain (1)
* alyssa__ (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
