========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 19:01:16 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2015/jenkins-meeting.2015-11-11-19.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
  (kohsuke, 19:01:20)
* recap of actions  (kohsuke, 19:01:54)
  * I got stickers all ready  (kohsuke, 19:02:09)
  * ACTION: kk to link the stickermule parameters/coordinates for
    stickers  (kohsuke, 19:04:59)

* Review proposed www site change from Drupal to static site generation
  (current repo and generated version of site)  (kohsuke, 19:06:43)
  * http://jenkins.lasagna.io/  (kohsuke, 19:07:01)
  * the source is here: https://github.com/rtyler/jenkins.io  (kohsuke,
    19:07:12)
  * LINK: http://www.w3.org/Provider/Style/URI.html   (kohsuke,
    19:12:52)
  * ACTION: rtyler needs to ensure "non-story" content doesn't end up in
    the /blog/ namespace  (rtyler, 19:24:14)
  * ACTION: rtyler needs to make site generate on cucumber so changelog
    content is incorporated  (rtyler, 19:24:54)
  * there is a WEBSITE project in issues.jenkins-ci.org which has more
    tickets and where you should go if you're interested in helping
    drive this forward  (rtyler, 19:28:08)
  * ACTION: rtyler needs to example apache configs for redirects we
    might have in place there  (rtyler, 19:29:51)

* CERT membership requests from Ivan Meredith and Ben Walding  (kohsuke,
  19:30:10)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/TachZG6zw44/UMBz91HMAgAJ
    (danielbeck, 19:30:14)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/TachZG6zw44/v2sG6UvPAgAJ
    (danielbeck, 19:30:18)
  * LINK: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Jenkins+CERT+team
    (danielbeck, 19:31:56)
  * AGREED: Thanks Ben and Ivan for joining the CERT team  (kohsuke,
    19:36:21)

* Review Board Election Process Proposal and either move forward with
  the proposal or take feedback so we can have elections next year
  (kohsuke, 19:36:34)
  *
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process+Proposal
    (kohsuke, 19:36:50)
  * ACTION: abayer to look up how to do STV with company rule (item 4)
    (danielbeck, 19:44:53)
  * ACTION: abayer to look into implication of having the company quota
    with STV  (kohsuke, 19:44:53)
  * ACTION: rtyler to update election proposal based on meeting
    (danielbeck, 19:50:10)

* Jenkins 2.0 proposal recap  (kohsuke, 19:50:41)
  * http://jenkins-ci.org/content/jenkins-20-proposals  (rtyler,
    19:51:06)
  * LINK: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Symbolics?   (abayer, 19:53:39)
  * AGREED: danielbeck is appointed as 2.0 release manager  (kohsuke,
    19:58:44)

* next meeting  (kohsuke, 19:58:57)
  * LINK:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Archive+2014
    (rtyler, 20:00:33)
  * AGREED: we'll stick next meeting being 11/25  (kohsuke, 20:03:10)

Meeting ended at 20:04:00 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kk to link the stickermule parameters/coordinates for stickers
* rtyler needs to ensure "non-story" content doesn't end up in the
  /blog/ namespace
* rtyler needs to make site generate on cucumber so changelog content is
  incorporated
* rtyler needs to example apache configs for redirects we might have in
  place there
* abayer to look up how to do STV with company rule (item 4)
* abayer to look into implication of having the company quota with STV
* rtyler to update election proposal based on meeting




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* abayer
  * abayer to look up how to do STV with company rule (item 4)
  * abayer to look into implication of having the company quota with STV
* rtyler
  * rtyler needs to ensure "non-story" content doesn't end up in the
    /blog/ namespace
  * rtyler needs to make site generate on cucumber so changelog content
    is incorporated
  * rtyler needs to example apache configs for redirects we might have
    in place there
  * rtyler to update election proposal based on meeting
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * kk to link the stickermule parameters/coordinates for stickers




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (141)
* kohsuke (85)
* abayer (49)
* danielbeck (37)
* oleg-nenashev (21)
* teilo (21)
* hare_brain (11)
* batmat (6)
* fredg02 (4)
* jieryn (2)
* robobutler (1)
* Mark_______ (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
