========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:00:44 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2015/jenkins-meeting.2015-10-28-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting's actions  (kohsuke, 18:01:20)

* LTS status check  (kohsuke, 18:04:07)
  * LINK: https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-10629   (ogondza,
    18:07:33)

* Proposal - Revisiting JUC in 2016  (danielbeck, 18:09:20)
  * LINK:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Proposal+-+Revisiting+JUC+in+2016
    (danielbeck, 18:09:27)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/YGEGjYvRzfs/fPRPUg41CwAJ
    (danielbeck, 18:11:00)

* Sticker purchase approval  (danielbeck, 18:23:30)
  * AGREED: not much active discussion about the events, but I think
    people are OK  (kohsuke, 18:23:33)
  * AGREED: kohsuke to buy stickers for 2016. A lot of stickers.
    (danielbeck, 18:31:59)

* Should we require squashing commits in the core?  (danielbeck,
  18:32:17)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!searchin/jenkinsci-dev/squash/jenkinsci-dev/kqvuDqXwPZw/oF-KMdNbCwAJ
    (danielbeck, 18:32:34)

* next meeting  (danielbeck, 19:02:03)

Meeting ended at 19:03:18 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* danielbeck (53)
* kohsuke (51)
* oleg-nenashev (44)
* rtyler (42)
* KostyaSha (39)
* ogondza (10)
* teilo (8)
* autojack (3)
* jglick (3)
* robobutler (2)
* orrc (2)
* batmat (1)
* hare_brain (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
