========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 19:01:18 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2015/jenkins-meeting.2015-12-09-19.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* agenda
  https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-Dec9meeting
  (rtyler, 19:01:32)
* last meeting's actions  (rtyler, 19:01:47)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 19:03:09)
  * 1.625.3 is done  (kohsuke, 19:03:46)

* Next LTS baseline selection  (rtyler, 19:05:39)
  * LINK: http://jenkins-ci.org/changelog is mixed  (danielbeck,
    19:06:16)
  * LINK: https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-31954   (abayer,
    19:07:40)

* Final review/adoption of Board Election Process Proposal  (rtyler,
  19:14:37)
  * proposal here
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process+Proposal
    (rtyler, 19:14:47)
  * ACTION: ogondza will create the stable branch  (ogondza, 19:14:56)
  * LINK:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/pages/diffpages.action?pageId=63930772&originalId=85590498
    (abayer, 19:22:58)
  * AGREED: to the v13 of the proposal  (rtyler, 19:33:10)
  * LINK:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/pages/diffpagesbyversion.action?pageId=63930772&selectedPageVersions=15&selectedPageVersions=14
    (rtyler, 19:42:09)
  * ACTION: rtyler to move the board election process into the
    governance document  (rtyler, 19:43:47)
  * AGREED: on v15  (rtyler, 19:43:59)
  * LINK:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=63930772
    version yup  (batmat, 19:44:15)

* Review/adopt a Code of Conduct  (rtyler, 19:45:21)
  * https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Code+of+Conduct
    (rtyler, 19:45:24)
  * the code of conduct is largely sourced from
    http://contributor-covenant.org/  (rtyler, 19:46:43)
  * ACTION: rtyler to incorporate some more of orrc's feedback (see
    above)  (rtyler, 20:09:03)

* NOT tweet anymore plugins w/o a wiki page  (rtyler, 20:12:30)
  * see
    https://groups.google.com/forum/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/qR8WqJZmNZs/1a9Zd3F0DAAJ
    (batmat, 20:12:37)
  * for reference
    https://groups.google.com/forum/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/qR8WqJZmNZs/1a9Zd3F0DAAJ
    (rtyler, 20:12:38)
  * come prepared for a longer meeting for Jan 6 if you can  (kohsuke,
    20:18:26)
  * ACTION: rtyler to extend the meeting invite for the 6th just to be
    safe  (rtyler, 20:18:45)

Meeting ended at 20:19:55 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* ogondza will create the stable branch
* rtyler to move the board election process into the governance document
* rtyler to incorporate some more of orrc's feedback (see above)
* rtyler to extend the meeting invite for the 6th just to be safe




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* ogondza
  * ogondza will create the stable branch
* orrc
  * rtyler to incorporate some more of orrc's feedback (see above)
* rtyler
  * rtyler to move the board election process into the governance
    document
  * rtyler to incorporate some more of orrc's feedback (see above)
  * rtyler to extend the meeting invite for the 6th just to be safe
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (111)
* kohsuke (56)
* KostyaSha (44)
* danielbeck (43)
* batmat (38)
* abayer (34)
* hare_brain (28)
* orrc (23)
* ogondza (10)
* robobutler (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
