<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:00:59 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting's actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-10'>kohsuke</a>, 18:01:42)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-17'>kohsuke</a>, 18:03:00)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    send danielbeck my correspondence with JenkinsHosting.com
    guys</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-35'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:06:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    follow up with them</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-37'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:06:18)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    update the granted trademark usage page</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-38'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:06:22)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://mirrors.jenkins-ci.org/war-stable-rc/1.625.1/">http://mirrors.jenkins-ci.org/war-stable-rc/1.625.1/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-48'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:07:38)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza
    prepare the LTS testing wiki</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-57'>ogondza</a>,
    18:09:14)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke  to
    post 1.625.1 RC2</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-74'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:14:03)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Q4 patron program</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-81'>kohsuke</a>, 18:14:51)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/4/files">https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/4/files</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-85'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:15:56)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">same patron
    messages in Q4 as in Q3</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-95'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:18:16)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Time to think about Jenkins board elections?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-100'>kohsuke</a>, 18:20:00)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">the 2-year old "latest" proposal is here:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process+Proposal</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-102'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:20:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">hare_brain to
    write out a revised proposal for the scope of the jenkins
    board</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-226'>rtyler</a>,
    18:46:10)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    take previous action from hare_brain</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-246'>hare_brain</a>,
    18:51:03)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to put
    proposal for board elections on feb 2nd annually</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-261'>rtyler</a>,
    18:54:01)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg-nenashev
    to update proposals regarding the per-company limit of board
    members</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-271'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:54:52)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    file a JIRA on what needs to change in the accountapp to make board
    elections viable</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-272'>rtyler</a>,
    18:55:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">code is
    https://github.com/jenkins-infra/account-app</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-273'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:55:24)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">time to move to Java 8 and servlet 3.1</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-285'>kohsuke</a>, 18:57:26)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://blogs.oracle.com/arungupta/entry/what_s_new_in_servlet</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-295'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:00:05)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-307'>kohsuke</a>, 19:03:22)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">the next meeting will be Oct 14th the same
    time</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html#l-308'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:03:48)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:04:18 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>kohsuke to send danielbeck my correspondence with JenkinsHosting.com guys</li>
  <li>danielbeck to follow up with them</li>
  <li>danielbeck to update the granted trademark usage page</li>
  <li>ogondza prepare the LTS testing wiki</li>
  <li>kohsuke  to post 1.625.1 RC2</li>
  <li>hare_brain to write out a revised proposal for the scope of the jenkins board</li>
  <li>kohsuke to take previous action from hare_brain</li>
  <li>rtyler to put proposal for board elections on feb 2nd annually</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev to update proposals regarding the per-company limit of board members</li>
  <li>kohsuke to file a JIRA on what needs to change in the accountapp to make board elections viable</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> danielbeck <ol>
    <li>kohsuke to send danielbeck my correspondence with JenkinsHosting.com guys</li>
    <li>danielbeck to follow up with them</li>
    <li>danielbeck to update the granted trademark usage page</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> hare_brain <ol>
    <li>hare_brain to write out a revised proposal for the scope of the jenkins board</li>
    <li>kohsuke to take previous action from hare_brain</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>kohsuke to send danielbeck my correspondence with JenkinsHosting.com guys</li>
    <li>kohsuke  to post 1.625.1 RC2</li>
    <li>kohsuke to take previous action from hare_brain</li>
    <li>kohsuke to file a JIRA on what needs to change in the accountapp to make board elections viable</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>ogondza prepare the LTS testing wiki</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> oleg-nenashev <ol>
    <li>oleg-nenashev to update proposals regarding the per-company limit of board members</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to put proposal for board elections on feb 2nd annually</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>kohsuke (96)</li>
  <li>rtyler (82)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (41)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (21)</li>
  <li>fredg02 (16)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (13)</li>
  <li>batmat (13)</li>
  <li>KostyaSha (11)</li>
  <li>ogondza (8)</li>
  <li>teilo (7)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>jglick (1)</li>
  <li>mmars (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
