========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:00:59 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2015/jenkins-meeting.2015-09-30-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting's actions  (kohsuke, 18:01:42)

* LTS status check  (kohsuke, 18:03:00)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to send danielbeck my correspondence with
    JenkinsHosting.com guys  (kohsuke, 18:06:00)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to follow up with them  (kohsuke, 18:06:18)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to update the granted trademark usage page
    (danielbeck, 18:06:22)
  * LINK: http://mirrors.jenkins-ci.org/war-stable-rc/1.625.1/
    (danielbeck, 18:07:38)
  * ACTION: ogondza prepare the LTS testing wiki  (ogondza, 18:09:14)
  * ACTION: kohsuke  to post 1.625.1 RC2  (kohsuke, 18:14:03)

* Q4 patron program  (kohsuke, 18:14:51)
  * LINK: https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/4/files
    (danielbeck, 18:15:56)
  * AGREED: same patron messages in Q4 as in Q3  (danielbeck, 18:18:16)

* Time to think about Jenkins board elections?  (kohsuke, 18:20:00)
  * the 2-year old "latest" proposal is here:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process+Proposal
    (kohsuke, 18:20:53)
  * ACTION: hare_brain to write out a revised proposal for the scope of
    the jenkins board  (rtyler, 18:46:10)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to take previous action from hare_brain
    (hare_brain, 18:51:03)
  * ACTION: rtyler to put proposal for board elections on feb 2nd
    annually  (rtyler, 18:54:01)
  * ACTION: oleg-nenashev to update proposals regarding the per-company
    limit of board members  (oleg-nenashev, 18:54:52)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to file a JIRA on what needs to change in the
    accountapp to make board elections viable  (rtyler, 18:55:13)
  * code is https://github.com/jenkins-infra/account-app  (kohsuke,
    18:55:24)

* time to move to Java 8 and servlet 3.1  (kohsuke, 18:57:26)
  * https://blogs.oracle.com/arungupta/entry/what_s_new_in_servlet
    (kohsuke, 19:00:05)

* next meeting  (kohsuke, 19:03:22)
  * the next meeting will be Oct 14th the same time  (kohsuke, 19:03:48)

Meeting ended at 19:04:18 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke to send danielbeck my correspondence with JenkinsHosting.com
  guys
* danielbeck to follow up with them
* danielbeck to update the granted trademark usage page
* ogondza prepare the LTS testing wiki
* kohsuke  to post 1.625.1 RC2
* hare_brain to write out a revised proposal for the scope of the
  jenkins board
* kohsuke to take previous action from hare_brain
* rtyler to put proposal for board elections on feb 2nd annually
* oleg-nenashev to update proposals regarding the per-company limit of
  board members
* kohsuke to file a JIRA on what needs to change in the accountapp to
  make board elections viable




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* danielbeck
  * kohsuke to send danielbeck my correspondence with JenkinsHosting.com
    guys
  * danielbeck to follow up with them
  * danielbeck to update the granted trademark usage page
* hare_brain
  * hare_brain to write out a revised proposal for the scope of the
    jenkins board
  * kohsuke to take previous action from hare_brain
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to send danielbeck my correspondence with JenkinsHosting.com
    guys
  * kohsuke  to post 1.625.1 RC2
  * kohsuke to take previous action from hare_brain
  * kohsuke to file a JIRA on what needs to change in the accountapp to
    make board elections viable
* ogondza
  * ogondza prepare the LTS testing wiki
* oleg-nenashev
  * oleg-nenashev to update proposals regarding the per-company limit of
    board members
* rtyler
  * rtyler to put proposal for board elections on feb 2nd annually
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke (96)
* rtyler (82)
* danielbeck (41)
* oleg-nenashev (21)
* fredg02 (16)
* hare_brain (13)
* batmat (13)
* KostyaSha (11)
* ogondza (8)
* teilo (7)
* robobutler (2)
* jglick (1)
* mmars (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
