<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:00:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:00:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:00:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#charis </span><span class="cmdline">rtyler  hare_brain danielbeck</span>
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:01:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chairs </span><span class="cmdline">rtyler hare_brain danielbeck</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:01:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">rtyler hare_brain danielbeck</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:01:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Current chairs: danielbeck hare_brain kohsuke rtyler
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:01:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> There
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:01:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Recap last meeting's actions</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:01:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I wrote an overdue wiki page and made up the rules for it: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Rewards+for+reporting+security+issues
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> It was a meeting action from ~February or so
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:02:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> LGTM
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:02:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> That's it from me
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:03:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> (Oh, and fork requests are still via mailing list, Jira project is still WIP)
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:03:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Now that we have the JIRA agile set up, maybe this is a good opportunity to revive the MEETING project
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:04:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">LTS status check</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> once https://jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com/job/core/job/jenkins_lts_branch/155/ is happy, we are ready for RC
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:04:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> actually, can you run the meeting? I'm in a meeting and multi-tasking here
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:04:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> kohsuke can do
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> great!
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:04:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> thanks
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:05:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> kohsuke Don't close the laptop, there's two items from you
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:05:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:06:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ogondza So you expect that build to be successful, and once it is, KK can post the RC, and you'll post the testing wiki pages?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:06:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> I will this time, I promise
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:06:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> there was a ;at minute backport, but I expect it to succeed
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:07:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Got it. I'll check back in an hour or so and start RC
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:07:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ogondza Which one was that?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:07:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> *last
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:07:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-10629
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:08:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> \o/
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:08:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> awesome thanks!
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:08:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> That guy also contained lib updates, but it should be safe enough
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:08:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> anything that was refused?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:08:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> nope
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:08:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I will update the ML
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:09:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> great
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:09:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Proposal - Revisiting JUC in 2016</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:09:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Proposal+-+Revisiting+JUC+in+2016
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:09:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> kohsuke ^ your topic
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:10:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Right
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:10:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> So there was a round of conversatiosn about this in the ML
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:10:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I've seen some sentiment for losing a big European event,
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:10:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> but otherwise people generally seem to be OK with the concept
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:11:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/YGEGjYvRzfs/fPRPUg41CwAJ</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:11:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> ... presumably including the name as well
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:11:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;teilo&gt;</span> (a collection of butlers is a sneer)
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:11:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> Does CB owns the Jenkins User Conference brand? Technically, could it be granted to another conference like JCPH?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:13:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I don't see much reasons to kill such format till there re relatively big conferences in Europe
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:13:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> alyssat This may be interesting for you as well
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:14:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev If you look at the proposal, there's CloudBees-Jenkins Summit
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:14:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> nobody owns any name aside from SPI owning Jenkins mark
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:14:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> They're not a lot smaller than the European JUCes we had AFAICT
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:15:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> but no one is stepping up to offer doing JUC in Europe right now, so the conversation about whether that's being killed or not seems little hypothetical to me
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:16:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Right, and Praqma is using the 'JUES' name anyway, at least so far.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:16:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Any further thoughts on the events?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:16:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Ideally I'd like to record that this plan is acknowledged &amp; blessed.
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:16:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> No. Jenkins World should be good enough. +1
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:17:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It does not mean I 100% support it from a community member perspective
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:17:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;teilo&gt;</span> sounds like a theme park :-P
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:17:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> It should be!
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:17:50 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">jumps in</span>
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:18:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> fwiw I like the proposal that is linked from the agenda
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:18:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm happy that CB is willing to invest in a full community track
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:19:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Any more +1/-1 ?
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:19:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> PLUS INFINITY
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:19:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I'm excited to be able to bring the whole community around the globe to one place
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:19:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> as long as it's in california, or some place fun like big sur :P
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:19:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> montana maybe :P
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:19:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> We should be able to do some interesting contributor event, etc
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:19:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> rtyler sponsors his Infinity to Jenkins community. Cool, we will send him a T-short :D
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:19:55 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">wants to vacation in jenkinsworld</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:20:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Yep, while there's only a single very large conference left, there's a pretty big travel grant
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:21:05 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">nods</span>
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:21:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Should be enough to pay for the hotel...
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:21:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> should we move on?
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:21:43 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">shrugs</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:21:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:22:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler's plus infinity beats everything, so no +1/-1 are coming
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:22:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> https://twitter.com/agentdero/status/650709702238597120
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:22:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> xD
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:23:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> sticker time?
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:23:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Sticker purchase approval</span>
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:23:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">not much active discussion about the events, but I think people are OK</span>
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> oops
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:23:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> stickers
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:23:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> so I run out of all the stickers a while ago mostly in JUC
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:24:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> +1 for stickers
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:24:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> In preparation for FOSDEM, SCaLE, and 2016 I need more
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:24:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Nobody here can even imagine how popular the 'angry Jenkins' stickers are, it's insane
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:24:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I'm planning to make 500 of all 6 kinds, and maybe another 1000 of the standard sticker
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:24:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Clearly, people don't see that one often enough
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:24:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Should cost $1.5K
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:25:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> does it get any cheaper to get more stickers?
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:25:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> kohsuke Is 500 each going to be enough?
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:25:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> like why 1000 instead of 2000?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:25:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> it's not like the logo changes :P
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:25:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> That's true
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:25:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Should I just get more?
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:25:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> yes, it's terrible to run out
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:25:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I guarantee we will go thorugh nearly almost all of the 500 sets
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:26:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Why not? How much $$$ do we have in reserve?
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:26:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> maybe before the end of the fosdem
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:26:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> OK, then I can like double them
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:26:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> good question oleg-nenashev
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:26:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> 500 sounds a lot like 0 after two days.
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:26:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> We have enough money in the bank to buy a cheap car right now
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:26:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev 20k+
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:26:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orrc&gt;</span> do the JAMs get stickets sent to them?
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:26:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:26:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We can order a truck of stickers....
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:26:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> hah
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:27:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> JENKINS TESLA
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:27:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> I feel like I have a blessing to move forward
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:27:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> kohsuke How many are you planning to buy now?
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:27:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> double the standard, I'd leave the others the same
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:27:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> with wood wheels
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:28:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the 6-jenkins' should be more special, we can make it so we give them out in smaller special batches at FOSDEM
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:28:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:28:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> we can make a quota for those at FOSDEM and build up excitement around them
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:28:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Would be cool to have a new Jenkins 2.0 sticker...
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:28:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> like at the top of the hour we do a 2.0 nightly demo and give out those stickers
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:29:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler You're evil, I like it. Make people work for them!
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:29:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> 2.0 sticker would a be a great idea
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:29:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> I've learned a lot from alyssat and heidi :P
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:29:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> we will have some other special materials around jenkins 2.0
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:30:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> but I'll see if there's anything I can rustle up for a "special editoin"
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:30:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> separate from this meeting
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:30:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> back to you, Mr.Chair
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:30:14 </span><span class="nka">* kohsuke</span> <span class="ac">sneaks out</span>
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:31:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler Do we need a vote?
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:31:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Ehh, Hudson became too old: http://www.dreamstime.com/stock-photography-butler-image25112082
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:31:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> FOR WHICH?
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:31:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> sticker buying
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:31:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> er, sorry about the caps
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:31:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> I don't think so, no large dissent here
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:31:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Right, everyone loves stickers
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:31:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:31:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">kohsuke to buy stickers for 2016. A lot of stickers.</span>
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:32:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Should we require squashing commits in the core?</span>
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:32:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:32:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!searchin/jenkinsci-dev/squash/jenkinsci-dev/kqvuDqXwPZw/oF-KMdNbCwAJ</span>
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:32:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Шеэы ф ащддщц-гз ещ https://groups.google.com/forum/#!searchin/jenkinsci-dev/squash/jenkinsci-dev/kqvuDqXwPZw/oF-KMdNbCwAJ
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:32:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> sorry
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:32:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> *It's a follow-up
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:33:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Personally, I hate making those things a rule for us
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:33:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> in a project like this, we all need to tolerate other people's tastes: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robustness_principle
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:33:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> BTW we need to agree on the common approach
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:33:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> FWIW jglick has good counter arguments
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:33:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev, пышь-пышь
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:34:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> english only please :)
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:34:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> rtyler, joke to his wrong keyboard)
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:34:40 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">shrugs</span>
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:34:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> If we don't squash, then OK. If we squash, then it should be a practice for all merges to make a value
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:35:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I do not like to squash every PR into single commit
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:35:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;teilo&gt;</span> oleg disagree with forcing a sqaush
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:36:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> are there existing commit guidelines?
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:36:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;teilo&gt;</span> a test and fix could be two separate commits in one PR and having the test separate is golden
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:36:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> this comes to mind for me http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:36:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> ogondza, multiple times everybody already said that squashing all doesn't make sense, people just want to see every commit as normal change and not tones of "fix style"
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:36:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I propose to perform squashes for non-sensitive commits. I don't propose 1 PR = 1 commit rule
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:36:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> ogondza, commit should be logically ended
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:37:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> How about adding something like "maintain meaningful commit history" and request authors to rearrange
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:37:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Or to do it during the merge
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:37:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> adding it to contribution guidelines ^
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:37:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Then you are forcing contributors to deal with `git rebase -i` madness.
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:37:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> ogondza, that's what we initially proposed, but stephenc wants keeping all commits even 30 styling changes commits
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:38:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> jglick, you enforce contributors dealing with 10y old code, rearrange PR is 1 min of work
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:38:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Persons who merge PRs may perform re-arrange on their own. Or autommate the work in simple cases
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:39:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> jglick, not you directly, but project
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:39:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Well this is just going to be a flamewar and using IRC is not going to make it any better. I have stated my position and arguments, as have others, so someone in authority should just make a decision.
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:39:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> One of the motivation for Jenkins for me is to be against code policing
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:40:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> kohsuke, you don't process any PRs last 2 years
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:40:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jglick:</span> So the agenda topic was "voting"
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:40:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I contributed in the past to some project that enforces checkstyle rules that limited me to a method length of 30 lines, etc., and I hate those
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:40:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Well who has a vote, and what are the candidates?
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:40:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> jglick, interesting question
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:40:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Every meeting attendee has a vote
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:41:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 1) Not squash commits at all
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:41:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 2) Agree on a policy to prevent the history pollution
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:41:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> For a project to successfully accomodate lots of contributors each working little time, we need to be lax about these things, even if it has some associated downsides
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:41:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> jglick, let's start with statement that stephenc wants: "Don't chnage commits in PR"
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:41:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> kohsuke What about the argument that overly lax rules turn some people away as it looks like uncontrolled chaos?
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:42:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> kohsuke, frankly speaking i have tones of feedbacks how people hates your code and style :)
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:42:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I don't think our lack of rule about squashing the commit is one o fthem
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:42:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> kohsuke, and all this people run away from jenkins
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:42:55 </span><span class="nka">* KostyaSha</span> <span class="ac">just a fact</span>
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:43:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Any project should have a feasible amount of rules and common practices
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:43:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I don't know, I consider it pretty successful that we have this many people contributed so far
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:43:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orrc&gt;</span> I hate redundant commits in PRs, but I can't imagine that people are "running away" due to unsquashed commits. weird code style or bad documentation, perhaps, but unsquashed commits..?
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:44:01 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">agrees</span>
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:44:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> How about we encourage squashing once the number of commits hits two digits?
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:44:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> orrc, today there is a mix of normal commits and unsquashed = trashed
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:44:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I mean if a PR has 4 commits, how harmful can that possibly be?
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:44:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> orrc, so to dig history you forced jumping between -m1 parent flags and showing all commits
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:44:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> As a Jenkins instance maintainer, I used GitHub a lot to navigate changes and select useful ones for backporting into my internal fork
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:45:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> orrc, it was not a problem because before last years all PRs was good and logically separated
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:45:02 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">runs off</span>
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:45:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> orrc, as soon ad CB started fast development, they started merging PRs as is
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:45:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> orrc, this mades commit history hardly researchable
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:45:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I have to abstain regarding the comment above
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:46:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> arguments about github ui - wait for future features, develop git browsing tools...
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:46:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> so i can suggest try discuss it by steps
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:47:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> 1) Stephenc wants keep PR as is that doesn't allow picking PR for somebodies fixuping
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:47:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> + -?
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:47:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 1) Not squash commits at all
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:47:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 2) Agree on a policy to prevent the history pollution
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:47:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> i see a problem that many useful PRs authors keeping without answers and we need end them manually
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:47:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> ^^^ I propose to vote for the bullets above
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:47:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> so i'm -1 for this point
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:48:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> ================
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:48:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;teilo&gt;</span> -1 on both option 1 and option 2
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:48:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">teilo:</span> And what do you propose?
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:48:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> It doesn't look to me like this is even remotely ready for voting on it.
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:49:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;teilo&gt;</span> recomendations to PR authors
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:49:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> This is missing an actual proposal that addresses concerns etc.
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:49:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> danielbeck, i think this discussion mostly depends on kohsuke as he always do veto on any proposals
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:49:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I would propose to develop recommendations for PR reviewers
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:49:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;teilo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> should exist for PR authors
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:50:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;teilo&gt;</span> aswel
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">18:50:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">18:50:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> danielbeck, as kohsuke has only 1 hour a two weeks and very busy, we should provide our opinion to him here
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">18:50:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> and hope to some resolution :)
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">18:51:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It should be agreement within jenkinsci/core
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">18:51:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> There is no need to have a dictator in such topics
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">18:51:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">KostyaSha:</span> So your point is invalid IMO
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">18:52:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev, what point? what stephenc wants? it not my point :) just trying to extract logical statements from email thread
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">18:53:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> If we don't vote now, what are the action items?
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">18:53:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I can propose recommendations, but I'll likely get a push-back from kohsuke, stephenc and jglick
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">18:53:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> if we can't vote and email thread has no final solution - what actions expected from this meeting?
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">18:53:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev Write a coherent proposal and solicit feedback on it. Seems to be right now that opinions are too far apart and concerns not addressed.
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">18:54:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> danielbeck, he wrote proposal in email thread
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">18:54:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> danielbeck, and everybody provided feedback
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">18:54:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> he, Oleg?
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">18:55:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> danielbeck, yes, he even showed a tool for squashing :)
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">18:55:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Nt a tool
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">18:55:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Just an aux utility for primitive cases
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">18:56:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> ogondza, what is your opinion?
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">18:56:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I'm having a hardstop within 4 minutes
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">18:56:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> ogondza,  as i see LTS backporting tools can't deal with -m1 merges
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">18:58:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> seems kohsuke is busy with twitter and posting about stickers
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">18:58:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev,  no answers, postpone topic and shift to other?
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">18:59:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Probably
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">19:00:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> KostyaSha oleg-nenashev So we're going to continue this discussion next time?
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">19:01:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Yep. Wpuld be great if somebody joins the discussion in the ML
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">19:01:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> danielbeck, obviously yes
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">19:01:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> 2) for me =&gt; as danielbeck said I have already been in the past in the position where I actually find those rule more reassuring than having none stated and you discover when you push/propose the patch.
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">19:01:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I'll try to poke KK about it
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">19:02:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">next meeting</span>
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">19:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Next meeting on Nov 11
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">19:02:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> works for me
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">19:02:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> 10 am PST by then I think, so be aware of off by one errrors
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">19:02:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;autojack&gt;</span> can someone link to the mailing list discussion? I can take a look.
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">19:03:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> *11 am
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">19:03:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> autojack, yes, channel will have +m soon, will post in jenkins
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">19:03:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;autojack&gt;</span> I didn't arrive for the meeting until a few minutes ago.
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">19:03:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;autojack&gt;</span> OK
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">19:03:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
