<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:02:08 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2014-10-15-18.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2014-10-15-18.02.log.html#l-3'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:02:34)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Using stable vs stable-x branch for core LTS.</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2014-10-15-18.02.log.html#l-4'>kohsuke</a>, 18:02:48)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/commit/fb48185875c3c188e206d55ec66d360b20560d4a</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2014-10-15-18.02.log.html#l-9'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:04:04)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">we'll all
    commit to 'stable-1.x', and we'll turn 'stable' into a tag that gets
    automatically linked to the latest stable-1.x</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2014-10-15-18.02.log.html#l-41'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:12:48)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">a jenkins job
    will maintain 'stable' as a tag to point to the latest stable-x
    whenever there's a push</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2014-10-15-18.02.log.html#l-42'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:13:16)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">if that
    script turns out to be flaky, we'll just make 'stable'
    unbuildable</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2014-10-15-18.02.log.html#l-43'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:13:28)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Update on plugins not getting forked into jenkinsci, or not getting released from there</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2014-10-15-18.02.log.html#l-44'>kohsuke</a>, 18:13:46)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/jenkinsci/DotCi/releases">https://github.com/jenkinsci/DotCi/releases</a>
    vs https://github.com/groupon/DotCi/releases <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2014-10-15-18.02.log.html#l-77'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:22:30)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    start writing a page explaining why we want plugins to be in the
    jenkinsci org, with the goal of reaching out to plugins who don't do
    that today</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2014-10-15-18.02.log.html#l-152'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:53:57)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2014-10-15-18.02.log.html#l-163'>kohsuke</a>, 18:55:47)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Next meeting will be Oct 29th</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2014-10-15-18.02.log.html#l-164'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:56:03)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:56:22 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2014-10-15-18.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>danielbeck to start writing a page explaining why we want plugins to be in the jenkinsci org, with the goal of reaching out to plugins who don't do that today</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> danielbeck <ol>
    <li>danielbeck to start writing a page explaining why we want plugins to be in the jenkinsci org, with the goal of reaching out to plugins who don't do that today</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>kohsuke (81)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (52)</li>
  <li>jglick (19)</li>
  <li>ogondza (10)</li>
  <li>KostyaSha (2)</li>
  <li>ebag (1)</li>
  <li>robobutler (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
