<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:02:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:02:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:03:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">JUC</span>
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:03:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Alyssa take it away
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:03:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> JUC SF is Oct 23. Registration page is up http://www.eventbrite.com/e/jenkins-user-conference-us-west-san-francisco-oct-23-2014-tickets-10558684309
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:03:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Woohoo
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:03:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-Jul23thMeeting</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:03:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> We have early bird price so pls help spread the word
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:04:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">early bird price in effect</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:04:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> In the last meeting. we talked about opt-in/out option. Lisa wanted to know if it was ok to share title of attendees w platinum/gold sponsors
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:06:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> To me, that’s a reasonable ask.
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:06:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> Originally, we were to share name, company name, city/state/country and email address
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:06:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Would that be a required field for registration then?
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:07:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> right. we'll ask for title but is it ok to share that w/ platinum &amp; gold sponsors?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:07:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> <span class="hi">“hare_brain:</span> To me, that’s a reasonable ask. [11:06am]"
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:08:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Anyone else have an opinion?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:08:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> if not,
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:08:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">can share title w/ Pt/Au sponsors</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:08:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> thanks!
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:09:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Anything else about JUC? Meetup?
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:09:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> yes for meet up pls
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:09:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> do we want to do a meet up along w/ JUC ?
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:09:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">JUC meetup</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:09:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> rather..after or before juc?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:10:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Along the lines of the Jenkins Scalability Summit last year?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:10:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> similar I think. I haven't talk to KK about details
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:11:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jenkins-builds&gt;</span> Starting build #3544 for job jenkins_main_trunk (previous build: SUCCESS)
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:11:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> just wanted to see what folks think about doing similar along that line
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:11:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Is there a topic? Seems like there was a big thread on Jenkins UI.
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:11:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Seems like a decent idea.
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:12:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> I think it may be on Workflow
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> (a subject near and dear to me)
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:12:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:12:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Confirmation bias. :)
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:12:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jglick:</span> :o)
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:12:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Maybe send out a call for requests for meetup themes?
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:12:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> With some initial suggestions?
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:12:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> good idea
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:13:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Would it be at the hotel, or at CloudBees office again?
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:13:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Or somewhere else.
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:13:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Alyssa to call for meetup theme suggestions/votes</span>
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:13:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> If it’s too far from the hotel, people may have transportation issues
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:13:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> CloudBees was reasonably close to JCC last year.
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:14:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> <span class="hi">@hare_brain:</span> JUC is in Burlingame this year..we've out grown JCC. We're not sure re: location yet
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:15:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Yes. That’s what I meant. I was asking if the meetup would be near JUC location.
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:15:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> <span class="hi">@hare_brain:</span> dunno yet :(
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:15:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Ah.
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:16:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> I think that should be factored in. If it’s not near JUC, people traveling for the conference may have a hard time getting to it.
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:16:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> thanks. will keep in mind as we work this out.
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:16:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Alyssa, as an aside, is there a reason JUC is not close to J1? Other than making people spend 2× the airfare if they want to get to both?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:16:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> (close in time I meant)
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:17:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jglick:</span> it a resource issue for us. short on man power ..i'm afraid
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:18:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Alright, OT anyway I guess.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:18:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> doing back to back events is hard on the team
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:18:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Anything else on JUC?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:18:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Alyssa&gt;</span> that's it thnx
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:18:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> moving on then…
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:18:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">JIRA components</span>
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:18:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> I do not see oleg_nenashev (correct nick?) here
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:19:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev I think, but he's not here
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:19:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/2014+JIRA+Components+Refactoring
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:19:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Proposals look fairly reasonable
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:20:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> And I've written a script to add the '-plugin' suffix to all components that are a plugin as I suggested a few weeks ago
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:20:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Excellent.
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:20:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Requires admin + API though. Tested on my Jira instance.
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:20:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> So who would be driving this? Oleg? In that case we should defer discussion till a time when he can join, or ask on the list to proceed.
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:21:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> As Oleg isn't here we should probably postpone further discussion. Maybe suggest on the list we do this in two weeks.
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:21:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Until then everyone interested can review the suggestions and suggest changes.
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:22:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Sensible. His last message: “If everyone agrees, it would be great if somebody with JIRA administration rights takes the action point.”
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:22:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Probably that would be kohsuke.
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:22:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">oleg-nenashev to report on status of JIRA component change</span>
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:22:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">kohsuke to implement JIRA component change</span>
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:23:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> I would also like to see a final list of components for concreteness.
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:23:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Anything else on this?
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:23:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> If not, any other topics?
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:23:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> I’d like to request rules/conventions for when new components are created.
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:24:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;john_doe_jr&gt;</span> How do I install jenkins on Ubuntu 14.04.1 LTS?
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:24:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> There’s some that are already implicit: which is -plugin for components related to a plugin. Component maps to repo
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:24:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="hi">john_doe_jr:</span> later please, meeting in progress
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Are there others that should be codified?
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:24:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;john_doe_jr&gt;</span> k sorry
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:24:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> I think that is the only real rule, that when you make a plugin you add a matching component.
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:25:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Looks like a lot of existing components are going to get merged into core. Will that make it harder to manage looking through core issues?
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:25:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Easier actually IMO
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:25:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Or is the solution to that, just break more core into plugins?
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:25:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Most things physically in core are already filed in it.
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:26:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Right now you have no idea where something in core would be filed.
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:26:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> And yes, breaking out functionality into plugins is great when it is possible!
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:26:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> (I am working on hudson.tasks.test/junit, FYI.)
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:26:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Agreed with danielbeck, predictability is crucial.
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:27:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Can always use labels to indicate what aspect of the code you are dealing with.
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:27:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> As a matter of personal preference, I think that “unsorted” is rather non-descript.
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:27:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> <span class="hi">re:</span> labels. Great.
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:27:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> The goal should be to keep unsorted empty.
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:27:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> IMO
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:27:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> I agree with that.
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:27:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Well yes.
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:27:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">want unsorted component empty, but maybe need a more descriptive name</span>
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:28:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Anything else before I close?
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:28:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> A few more questions
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:28:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> we are ready for 1.565.1
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:28:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">1.565.1</span>
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:28:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Is the intent of the unsorted component to be a holding place for “I don’t know where to file this” or
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:29:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> sorry
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:29:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">JIRA components</span>
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:29:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Is it things that haven’t been triaged. If the latter, then that seems to be duplicative for the untriaged stage.
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:29:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> I think the intent was as a temporary holding place for historical issues in anomalous components, or newly filed things where the reporter is just clueless.
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:29:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> But I am not really sure.
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:30:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> i.e., if we have an unsorted component, does moving it out of that component mean that a ticket has been triaged?
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:30:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> typically users are filing in the component they believe responsible anyway. Not sure what to do with issues that don't have the component (plugin) in Jira
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:30:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Right, typically you would know the right component when you are filing. (If not, probably you should not be filing issues to begin with.)
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:31:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">oleg-nenashev to document intended usage of unsorted</span>
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:31:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> OK, I’m done. Thanks.
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:31:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> OK.
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:31:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">1.565.1</span>
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:31:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> ogondza you say we are ready for a release?
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:31:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:31:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> then
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:31:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">kohsuke cut 1.565.1</span>
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:32:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Haha
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:32:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> JENKINS-18065 is on my short list for 1.565.2 backporting.
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:32:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jenkins-admin&gt;</span> JENKINS-18065:AbstractLazyLoadRunMap.iterator() calls .all() (Resolved) https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-18065
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:33:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> I think kohsuke is traveling and busy today and perhaps for a few days, but can probably get to it Monday or thereabouts.
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:33:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Anything else?
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:33:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">jglick runs meetings really well</span>
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:34:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">next meeting Aug 06</span>
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:34:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> (thanks! though I know little about the JUC planning)
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:34:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
