18:06:01 <kohsuke> #startmeeting
18:06:01 <robobutler> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
18:06:26 <kohsuke> #info https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
18:07:00 <hare_brain> Are there even any agenda items?
18:07:07 <kohsuke> Hmm, I thought Lisa_ (is that you?) was adding one
18:07:23 <kohsuke> but if not, I think we should just skip it
18:07:32 <kohsuke> I'll just go back to coding workflow...
18:07:34 <Lisa_> Just a JUC update
18:07:40 <kohsuke> There you are
18:07:48 <kohsuke> #topic JUC update
18:08:12 <Lisa_> @Alyssa, do you have the latest registration numbers?
18:08:18 <Alyssa> just to give a quick update of where we are in terms of registrations & sponsorship
18:08:32 <Alyssa> JUC registration as of 5/14: Boston = 215, Berlin = 173, Israel=70
18:09:04 <Alyssa> We've also reached out to local JUGs who has promoted JUC to their members.
18:09:13 <kohsuke> What's the total we are aiming to fill?
18:09:24 <Lisa_> registration numbers are looking really good - both conferences are likely to fill at 300
18:09:28 <Alyssa> we aim to fill 300 for each locations
18:09:33 <kohsuke> OK
18:09:41 <kohsuke> I did put some plug about it in my workflow announcement
18:09:54 <Lisa_> kohsuke: thank you!
18:10:16 <Lisa_> if the community can keep helping spread the word, that is very helpful
18:10:33 <Alyssa> +1 we'll sold out very fast :o)
18:10:42 <Lisa_> on the sponsor side, we have almost more than we can keep track of
18:11:06 <Lisa_> new ones since last project meeting: odecentric AG, Ravello, Serena Software, Blazemeter, Praqma, Eliassen, Yahoo, SOASTA, Cloudera, Kensho; maybe SalesForce.com & several others
18:11:25 * kohsuke tried to thank abayer and he isn't here
18:11:29 <Lisa_> sorry, that's CODEcentric AG, not odecentric
18:11:42 <kohsuke> maybe it's his ploy to have his company pay for another Germany visit
18:11:50 <Lisa_> if anyone else is interested in sponsoring - this is the last week to sign up and still get your logo on the tshirt (which is very cool this year)
18:12:11 <kohsuke> T-shirts would be a good blog post
18:12:24 <Alyssa> kohsuke: will do
18:12:28 <Lisa_> yes... it's just a matter of time. we have several we need to write
18:12:42 <Lisa_> any volunteers to write it besides Alyssa & me? we are pretty backed up
18:13:26 <Alyssa> fyi -we've also solicited speakers to write blog but that's slow coming. i think i have 1 volunteer
18:13:35 <kohsuke> Hmm, I suspect it's bit tricky for others to write about them
18:14:43 <Lisa_> fair enough - we'll do it if we can. can include Alyssa's sweet Jenkins pins too
18:15:37 <kohsuke> #info and there'll be 2nd JUC Tokyo in Jan 11th next year
18:15:46 <kohsuke> If anyone wants to go speak there you are welcome :-)
18:15:54 <rtyler> WOOHOO
18:15:59 <Lisa_> if everyone could give KK's Agenda blog a social media push in the meantime, that would be awesome: http://jenkins-ci.org/content/juc-agenda-posted
18:16:51 <kohsuke> All right, anything else on this?
18:17:12 <Lisa_> not from me
18:17:20 <kohsuke> #topic 1.554.2 LTS RC
18:17:34 <kohsuke> ogondza: my understanding is that it's good to go, right?
18:17:54 <kohsuke> I'll proceed accordingly unless I hear otherwise
18:17:54 <ogondza> kohsuke: yes it is
18:17:59 <kohsuke> OK, cool
18:18:21 <kohsuke> Unless anyone has anything else, I think we'll wrap up early today
18:18:26 <kohsuke> #topic next meeting
18:18:38 <danielbeck> could we rename the components in Jira?
18:18:49 <kohsuke> next meeting will be in 5/28
18:18:54 <kohsuke> danielbeck: which one?
18:18:58 <danielbeck> all of the plugins
18:19:04 <kohsuke> oh
18:19:11 <danielbeck> some plugin names just invite wrong metadata
18:19:21 <danielbeck> core issues related to remoting -> master-slave component
18:19:22 <kohsuke> #topic renaming plugin components in JIRA
18:19:48 <danielbeck> (IIRC … there are a few)
18:20:04 <danielbeck> would be much clearer if the component name had the -plugin suffix
18:20:07 <kohsuke> and you want to rename all the plugins to *-plugin or something?
18:20:13 <kohsuke> OK
18:20:22 <danielbeck> exactly. There’s the component overview page, but nobody reads that.
18:21:11 <larrys> I think that would fix a few wiki pages (or at least also be able to remove some jira override in the macro for plugin info)
18:21:12 <kohsuke> I'm OK with the idea, but I just find the actual work rather daunting!
18:22:30 <danielbeck> haven’t looked into what’s involved, just noticed the issue
18:22:37 <jglick> I would prefer if component matched artifactId/shortName, and everything in core was in core
18:22:51 <jglick> or remoting, or whatever the repo name for the code is
18:23:09 <danielbeck> repos have the -plugin suffix already
18:23:21 <kohsuke> the current scheme is that the artifactId does match the component name
18:23:57 <kohsuke> Unfortunately there's no API to manipulate these project metadata AFAIK
18:24:49 <danielbeck> OK, let’s dismiss this then.
18:24:54 <kohsuke> Nah I guess I was wrong: https://docs.atlassian.com/jira/REST/6.2.4/#d2e3483
18:25:15 <kohsuke> danielbeck: I think we'd need to find a volunteer
18:25:30 <kohsuke> ... to either write a script or do a click-click-clicky for about 900 times
18:25:50 <danielbeck> I’ll look into it in my jira. If I get it to work, I’ll mention it again.
18:25:55 <kohsuke> sounds good
18:26:06 <kohsuke> all right, I think that's it
18:26:16 <kohsuke> #endmeeting