18:00:50 <kohsuke> #startmeeting
18:00:50 <robobutler> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
18:01:14 <kohsuke> #info https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
18:01:23 <kohsuke> #topic 1.554.3 RC status
18:01:34 <ogondza> We are ready
18:01:46 <ogondza> only 5 backports this time
18:01:54 <kohsuke> OK, I see the email now
18:01:55 <kohsuke> Great
18:02:02 <kohsuke> Thank you
18:02:06 <kohsuke> I knew this topic would be easy!
18:02:11 <ogondza> heh
18:02:28 <kohsuke> #topic JUC updates
18:02:48 <lisa_> Registration looks great - 392 for Boston
18:03:01 <lisa_> totally full = 400 (we've already released more seats, this is the drop-dead max)
18:03:08 <kohsuke> Yay
18:03:19 <kohsuke> Oh I need to arrange the berlin dinner
18:03:21 <lisa_> 330 for Berlin and rising
18:03:33 <lisa_> dinner - yes pls. Praqma was asking
18:04:24 <lisa_> KK wrote a blog about JUC Boston the other day, and a Berlin one is coming up. If anyone feels like sharing with colleagues/friends to build interest, please do
18:04:54 <lisa_> Alyssa can't make it today, but were there any questions/feedback/ideas about JUC?
18:04:59 <kohsuke> Shlomi was telling me that the sign-up for JUC Israel is going strong, too
18:05:29 <lisa_> 193 for Israel right now
18:05:45 <lisa_> has been going up faster in the last week or two
18:06:29 <lisa_> if there aren't any questions/comments, I don't have anything else for JUC
18:06:36 <kohsuke> All right, if not, I think this meeting is done
18:06:45 * kohsuke goes back to preparing for JUC
18:07:04 <kohsuke> #topic next meeting
18:07:40 <lisa_> actually... do we want to ask about Jenkins ads? Q3 is coming up
18:08:06 <kohsuke> If you want to, ga
18:08:13 <lisa_> CloudBees & XebiaLabs want to run the same ads. We have 1 open slot
18:08:17 <kohsuke> #topic patrons of Jenkins
18:08:32 <lisa_> MidVision may be interested
18:09:04 <kohsuke> #info if anyone else is interested in becoming a patron starting Q3, here's the opportunity
18:09:27 <kohsuke> #topic next meeting
18:09:28 <lisa_> to confirm: we do not need to re-approve text for ads that are already running, correct?
18:09:36 <kohsuke> oops
18:10:06 <kohsuke> I don't think it's necessary to re-approve the same text over and over every quarter
18:10:28 <kohsuke> Let people raise objections if they want to revisit, which anyone can do any time
18:10:33 <lisa_> perfect
18:10:51 <kohsuke> #topic next meeting
18:11:22 <kohsuke> So I think this time next week would be actually a challenge because of JUC
18:11:40 <kohsuke> But we'd have to decide on the next LTS baseline
18:11:50 <kohsuke> ogondza: are you coming to JUC?
18:12:13 <ogondza> kohsuke: no, unfortuntelly
18:13:29 <kohsuke> I guess I'll leave it up to jglick, ogondza and others to decide
18:13:47 <kohsuke> and I'll see if I can figure out some way to join
18:14:01 <kohsuke> #info next meeting is Jun 25th same time
18:14:04 <jamiejackson> arg, so if i want to dynamically write a properties file to be used later in the job for injecting properties into the build environment, where would i put the script that writes the properties file?
18:14:07 <kohsuke> #endmeeting