<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:01:50 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting's actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-7'>rtyler</a>, 18:02:13)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-17'>rtyler</a>, 18:03:54)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza to
    work with kohsuke to get whatever is undocumented about the release
    process documented to the extent  that it is possible</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-23'>rtyler</a>,
    18:05:06)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/issues/?jql=labels+%3D+1.651.2-fixed">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/issues/?jql=labels+%3D+1.651.2-fixed</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-39'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:07:54)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza to
    push rc</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-45'>ogondza</a>,
    18:09:59)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">2.0 status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-52'>rtyler</a>, 18:10:32)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://jenkins.io/blog/2016/04/26/jenkins-20-is-here/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-55'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:11:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler and
    danielbeck to figure out when to schedule a 2.0 retrospective</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-61'>rtyler</a>,
    18:12:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the first followup release (2.1) should be
    sometime around May 1, then back to regular weekly releases</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-66'>rtyler</a>,
    18:13:01)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Google Summer of Code update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-85'>rtyler</a>, 18:15:44)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">5 accepted GSoC proposals/students
    https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/5668199471251456/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-93'>batmat</a>,
    18:17:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the GSoC timeline:
    https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/timeline</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-95'>batmat</a>,
    18:17:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">What is community-bonding period
    http://googlesummerofcode.blogspot.fr/2007/04/so-what-is-this-community-bonding-all.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-108'>batmat</a>,
    18:19:15)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck
    and kohsuke to contact Payal</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-115'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:19:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke
    danielbeck to contact their GSoC studnet</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-121'>batmat</a>,
    18:20:56)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Approval of Q2 patron messages</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-140'>rtyler</a>, 18:24:03)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/11</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-141'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:24:10)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Patron+of+Jenkins+program</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-150'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:25:07)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">the Q2 patron
    messages look fine to me</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-154'>rtyler</a>,
    18:25:46)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Q2 patrom
    message is accepted</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-159'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:27:23)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">CERT membership request process changes (</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-163'>rtyler</a>, 18:27:39)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">the security
    officer is empowered to curate the CERT team so long as it is done
    in a transparent and documented fashion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-195'>rtyler</a>,
    18:34:34)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Approval of CERT membership requests</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-200'>rtyler</a>, 18:34:59)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Infra update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-204'>rtyler</a>, 18:35:19)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-215'>rtyler</a>, 18:37:21)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">next meeting same time, same place, May
    11th</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html#l-224'>rtyler</a>,
    18:38:25)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:38:35 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>ogondza to work with kohsuke to get whatever is undocumented about the release process documented to the extent  that it is possible</li>
  <li>ogondza to push rc</li>
  <li>rtyler and danielbeck to figure out when to schedule a 2.0 retrospective</li>
  <li>danielbeck and kohsuke to contact Payal</li>
  <li>kohsuke danielbeck to contact their GSoC studnet</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> danielbeck <ol>
    <li>rtyler and danielbeck to figure out when to schedule a 2.0 retrospective</li>
    <li>danielbeck and kohsuke to contact Payal</li>
    <li>kohsuke danielbeck to contact their GSoC studnet</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>ogondza to work with kohsuke to get whatever is undocumented about the release process documented to the extent  that it is possible</li>
    <li>danielbeck and kohsuke to contact Payal</li>
    <li>kohsuke danielbeck to contact their GSoC studnet</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>ogondza to work with kohsuke to get whatever is undocumented about the release process documented to the extent  that it is possible</li>
    <li>ogondza to push rc</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler and danielbeck to figure out when to schedule a 2.0 retrospective</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (90)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (38)</li>
  <li>batmat (35)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (22)</li>
  <li>ogondza (19)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (9)</li>
  <li>rsandell (4)</li>
  <li>alyssat (3)</li>
  <li>robobutler (3)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (1)</li>
  <li>jglick (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
