<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:39 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-5'>rtyler</a>, 18:01:08)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-08-17-18.00.html">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-08-17-18.00.html</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-6'>rtyler</a>,
    18:01:18)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC recap</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-15'>rtyler</a>, 18:02:53)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">GSoC 2016 is over</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-18'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:03:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">WWe had two students working on second part of
    the project. 1 student has passed the final evaluation
    (alexsomai)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-24'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:04:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">On Thursday we had presentations by
    students</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-25'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:04:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Slides and recordings are referenced here:
    https://www.meetup.com/Jenkins-online-meetup/events/233378586/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-27'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:05:04)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    and batmat to follow-up on the old retrospective and feedback
    collection AI</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-30'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:05:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alexsomay will conduct a lightning talk and
    demo at Jenkins World. You can find him at the Community Booth there
    ;)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-32'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:06:19)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to write a final blogpost and to prepare his lightning talk for
    JW</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-34'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:06:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to work on sending swags to students</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-37'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:07:29)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-46'>rtyler</a>, 18:08:34)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-37759</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-58'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:11:03)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    release 2.7.3</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-64'>ogondza</a>,
    18:12:45)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Pick new LTS version</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-75'>rtyler</a>, 18:14:07)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://jenkins.io/changelog/</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-77'>ogondza</a>,
    18:14:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to finally create a PR for the upgrade guide</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-97'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:18:36)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">2.19 will be
    the next baseline for the LTS</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-143'>rtyler</a>,
    18:28:02)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-146'>rtyler</a>, 18:28:33)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">next meeting
    will be September 28th</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-162'>rtyler</a>,
    18:31:22)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:31:32 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>oleg_nenashev and batmat to follow-up on the old retrospective and feedback collection AI</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to write a final blogpost and to prepare his lightning talk for JW</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to work on sending swags to students</li>
  <li>kohsuke to release 2.7.3</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to finally create a PR for the upgrade guide</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> batmat <ol>
    <li>oleg_nenashev and batmat to follow-up on the old retrospective and feedback collection AI</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>kohsuke to release 2.7.3</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>oleg_nenashev to write a final blogpost and to prepare his lightning talk for JW</li>
    <li>oleg_nenashev to work on sending swags to students</li>
    <li>oleg_nenashev to finally create a PR for the upgrade guide</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (47)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (46)</li>
  <li>ogondza (28)</li>
  <li>danielbe_ (23)</li>
  <li>batmat (12)</li>
  <li>orrc (4)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>hrmpw (2)</li>
  <li>alexsomai (1)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (0)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
