<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:51 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html#l-3'>rtyler</a>, 18:00:59)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.html">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.html</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html#l-6'>rtyler</a>,
    18:01:28)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.html">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.html</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html#l-18'>rtyler</a>,
    18:07:15)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">batmat to
    remind mentors to provide feedback to start a GSoC retrospective
    process</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html#l-33'>rtyler</a>,
    18:11:10)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg-nenashev
    to prepare a list of delivery destinations and what swag needs to be
    sent to GSoC students for alyssat</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html#l-39'>rtyler</a>,
    18:12:42)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    and batmat to follow-up on the old retrospective and feedback
    collection AI</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html#l-40'>oleg-nenashev_</a>,
    18:12:43)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html#l-44'>rtyler</a>, 18:12:59)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to write a final blogpost about GSoC</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html#l-46'>oleg-nenashev_</a>,
    18:13:06)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    release 2.19.1</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html#l-51'>ogondza</a>,
    18:13:54)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Discuss name use for Jenkins-LSCI (Life Science Continuous Integration</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html#l-56'>rtyler</a>, 18:14:44)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-users/hP8uwU0y8K4</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html#l-58'>rtyler</a>,
    18:14:54)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Document#GovernanceDocument-Trademark</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html#l-60'>rtyler</a>,
    18:15:07)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">the Jenkins
    for Life Sciences Continuous Integration use is acceptable</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html#l-79'>rtyler</a>,
    18:19:37)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    record on wiki</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html#l-80'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:19:46)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Patron messages</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html#l-116'>rtyler</a>, 18:28:41)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html#l-135'>rtyler</a>, 18:33:36)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:34:45 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>batmat to remind mentors to provide feedback to start a GSoC retrospective process</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev to prepare a list of delivery destinations and what swag needs to be sent to GSoC students for alyssat</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev and batmat to follow-up on the old retrospective and feedback collection AI</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to write a final blogpost about GSoC</li>
  <li>kohsuke to release 2.19.1</li>
  <li>danielbeck to record on wiki</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> alyssat <ol>
    <li>oleg-nenashev to prepare a list of delivery destinations and what swag needs to be sent to GSoC students for alyssat</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> batmat <ol>
    <li>batmat to remind mentors to provide feedback to start a GSoC retrospective process</li>
    <li>oleg_nenashev and batmat to follow-up on the old retrospective and feedback collection AI</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> danielbeck <ol>
    <li>danielbeck to record on wiki</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>oleg_nenashev to write a final blogpost about GSoC</li>
    <li>kohsuke to release 2.19.1</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (53)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev_ (24)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (19)</li>
  <li>imouts (17)</li>
  <li>batmat (14)</li>
  <li>alyssat (7)</li>
  <li>ogondza (6)</li>
  <li>robobutler (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
