<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:00:11 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">actions from the last meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html#l-8'>kohsuke</a>, 18:00:50)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html#l-20'>kohsuke</a>, 18:04:02)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">2.7.1 is good
    to go</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html#l-28'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:05:20)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html#l-47'>kohsuke</a>, 18:07:11)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">: We finished Mid-term evaluations of
    students</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html#l-51'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:07:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">: 3 Projects have been cancelled: Support Core,
    Plugin Documentation Publishing, Jenkins Usage Stats analysis</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html#l-52'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:07:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">: 2 projects are active: Jenkins Web UI
    improvements and External Workspace Manager</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html#l-53'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:07:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">: Links to mid-term presentations by students
    are here:
    https://jenkins.io/blog/2016/06/21/gsoc-midterm-presentations-ann/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html#l-54'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:07:35)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">:
    oleg_nenashev to follow-up with mentors on JW presentations and
    Mentor Summit</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html#l-55'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:07:35)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">:
    oleg_nenashev to follow-up with rtyler on the SPI side (project
    money)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html#l-56'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:07:35)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">:
    oleg_nenashevto finally send something to alyssat</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html#l-57'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:07:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">: We changed the schedule of Public Office
    Hours, TBA today</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html#l-58'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:08:34)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html#l-83'>kohsuke</a>, 18:15:11)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">:
    oleg_nenashev to schedule the GSoC retrospective</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html#l-84'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:15:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">next meeting will be July 20th</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html#l-85'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:15:29)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:15:49 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>: oleg_nenashev to follow-up with mentors on JW presentations and Mentor Summit</li>
  <li>: oleg_nenashev to follow-up with rtyler on the SPI side (project money)</li>
  <li>: oleg_nenashevto finally send something to alyssat</li>
  <li>: oleg_nenashev to schedule the GSoC retrospective</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>: oleg_nenashev to follow-up with rtyler on the SPI side (project money)</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>: oleg_nenashev to follow-up with mentors on JW presentations and Mentor Summit</li>
    <li>: oleg_nenashevto finally send something to alyssat</li>
    <li>: oleg_nenashev to schedule the GSoC retrospective</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (34)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (29)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (9)</li>
  <li>ogondza (8)</li>
  <li>rtyler (5)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
