<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:03:28 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Last meeting actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-5'>rtyler</a>, 18:03:38)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.html">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.html</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-6'>rtyler</a>,
    18:03:52)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-20'>rtyler</a>, 18:07:26)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">the branch has been created</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-21'>rtyler</a>,
    18:07:37)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/master...stable-2.32">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/master...stable-2.32</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-22'>rtyler</a>,
    18:07:43)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbe_ to
    email dev list cc ogondza re 2 week delay for .2 due to
    holidays</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-45'>danielbe_</a>,
    18:12:29)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">JDK8 as baseline, with the timeline proposed by Oliver</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-46'>rtyler</a>, 18:13:10)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/fo5nKLhZK5U/IRJdMeS6CgAJ">https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/fo5nKLhZK5U/IRJdMeS6CgAJ</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-47'>rtyler</a>,
    18:13:14)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">teilo to help
    clarify what blocks windows development of Jenkins on JDK8</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-87'>rtyler</a>,
    18:20:46)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">batmat to
    figure out whether teilo's concerns block moving forward with a
    gaining consensus on ogondza's JRE8 plan and moving forward</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-94'>rtyler</a>,
    18:23:18)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status chcek</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-95'>rtyler</a>, 18:23:22)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-96'>rtyler</a>, 18:23:25)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbe_ to
    update LTS calendar for 2 week delay</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-134'>danielbe_</a>,
    18:32:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza
    postpone .2 RC by 2 weeks</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-152'>ogondza</a>,
    18:38:46)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza
    postpone .2 RC by 2 weeks (all future dates postposed
    accordingly)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-153'>danielbe_</a>,
    18:39:14)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">New Security Officer Announcement</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-159'>rtyler</a>, 18:41:37)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-166'>rtyler</a>, 18:43:07)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Next meeting Dec 21st</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html#l-175'>rtyler</a>,
    18:45:35)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:45:37 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>danielbe_ to email dev list cc ogondza re 2 week delay for .2 due to holidays</li>
  <li>teilo to help clarify what blocks windows development of Jenkins on JDK8</li>
  <li>batmat to figure out whether teilo's concerns block moving forward with a gaining consensus on ogondza's JRE8 plan and moving forward</li>
  <li>danielbe_ to update LTS calendar for 2 week delay</li>
  <li>ogondza postpone .2 RC by 2 weeks</li>
  <li>ogondza postpone .2 RC by 2 weeks (all future dates postposed accordingly)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> batmat <ol>
    <li>batmat to figure out whether teilo's concerns block moving forward with a gaining consensus on ogondza's JRE8 plan and moving forward</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> danielbe_ <ol>
    <li>danielbe_ to email dev list cc ogondza re 2 week delay for .2 due to holidays</li>
    <li>danielbe_ to update LTS calendar for 2 week delay</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>danielbe_ to email dev list cc ogondza re 2 week delay for .2 due to holidays</li>
    <li>batmat to figure out whether teilo's concerns block moving forward with a gaining consensus on ogondza's JRE8 plan and moving forward</li>
    <li>ogondza postpone .2 RC by 2 weeks</li>
    <li>ogondza postpone .2 RC by 2 weeks (all future dates postposed accordingly)</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (69)</li>
  <li>danielbe_ (55)</li>
  <li>ogondza (24)</li>
  <li>jglick (17)</li>
  <li>batmat (4)</li>
  <li>recena (3)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (2)</li>
  <li>hare_brain_ (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
