<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:12 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Last meeting actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-6'>rtyler</a>, 18:00:46)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-11-09-18.01.html">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-11-09-18.01.html</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-7'>rtyler</a>,
    18:00:56)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Revival of the Klocwork plugin</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-16'>rtyler</a>, 18:02:08)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS base line selection</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-22'>rtyler</a>, 18:02:26)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    cut 2.19.4 release</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-26'>rtyler</a>,
    18:02:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://jenkins.io/changelog/</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-29'>ogondza</a>,
    18:03:12)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza to
    prepare next stable branch based on 2.32</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-52'>ogondza</a>,
    18:07:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">2.32 is the
    next LTS baseline</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-60'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:08:54)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Revival of the Klocwork plugin (for real this time)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-61'>rtyler</a>, 18:09:03)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!search/klocwork/jenkinsci-dev/U7SFVsjsHHQ/cA8SlsTgBQAJ</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-62'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:09:13)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span
    class="AGREED">oleg-nenashev's proposal for reviving Klocwork plugin
    under the jenkinsci organization</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-96'>rtyler</a>,
    18:15:26)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    reach out to gboissinot one more time</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-97'>rtyler</a>,
    18:15:37)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg-nenashev
    to help jacob get jenkinsci/klocwork-plugin revived and in
    releasable shape</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-98'>rtyler</a>,
    18:15:57)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to grant write permissions to Jacob</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-100'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:16:04)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">:
    oleg_nenashev to write to Thales</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-102'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:16:34)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC2017 sync-up</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-105'>rtyler</a>, 18:17:02)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to set
    up a December GSoC2016 retrospective discussion with mentors and org
    admins</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-136'>rtyler</a>,
    18:25:11)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    help find new gsoc org admins for 2017</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-137'>rtyler</a>,
    18:25:38)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Azure migration / Infrastructure update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-141'>rtyler</a>, 18:26:11)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">ci.jenkins.io is already using Azure-based
    build/test infrastructure</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-147'>rtyler</a>,
    18:27:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">currently, HTTPs debian/redhat/opensuse
    repositories serve their files via TLS-end-to-end from Azure blob
    storage</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-168'>rtyler</a>,
    18:33:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">more questions can be asked, and maybe even
    answered, in #jenkins-infra during normal working PST hours
    :)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-174'>rtyler</a>,
    18:36:28)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting time</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-175'>rtyler</a>, 18:36:31)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">next meeting dec 7th, same time</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html#l-185'>rtyler</a>,
    18:38:34)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:38:37 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>kohsuke to cut 2.19.4 release</li>
  <li>ogondza to prepare next stable branch based on 2.32</li>
  <li>danielbeck to reach out to gboissinot one more time</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev to help jacob get jenkinsci/klocwork-plugin revived and in releasable shape</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to grant write permissions to Jacob</li>
  <li>: oleg_nenashev to write to Thales</li>
  <li>rtyler to set up a December GSoC2016 retrospective discussion with mentors and org admins</li>
  <li>rtyler to help find new gsoc org admins for 2017</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> danielbeck <ol>
    <li>danielbeck to reach out to gboissinot one more time</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>kohsuke to cut 2.19.4 release</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>ogondza to prepare next stable branch based on 2.32</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> oleg-nenashev <ol>
    <li>oleg-nenashev to help jacob get jenkinsci/klocwork-plugin revived and in releasable shape</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to set up a December GSoC2016 retrospective discussion with mentors and org admins</li>
    <li>rtyler to help find new gsoc org admins for 2017</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>oleg_nenashev to grant write permissions to Jacob</li>
    <li>: oleg_nenashev to write to Thales</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (94)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (52)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (23)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (8)</li>
  <li>ogondza (7)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
