<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">19:00:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">19:00:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">19:00:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">rtyler kohsuke</span>
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">19:00:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Current chairs: danielbeck kohsuke rtyler
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">19:00:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">hare_brain</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">19:00:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Current chairs: danielbeck hare_brain kohsuke rtyler
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">19:00:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Hi everyone!
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">19:00:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="hi">agenda:</span> https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">19:01:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> yey
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">19:01:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> hola
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">19:01:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Recap last meeting's actions</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">19:01:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-01-20-19.03.html (which isn't complete unfortunately)
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">19:01:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I'll be half particiing this
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">19:01:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I believe oleg-nenashev had an item, but don't remember much else
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">19:02:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I skimmed the full log, seems to be complete after all
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">19:02:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev ?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">19:02:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> My AI was to process the feedback from press contacts. Have not handled it yet
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">19:03:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> @action oleg_nenashev to incorporate the feedback about Press contacts
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">19:03:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">oleg_nenashev to incorporate the feedback about Press contacts</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">19:03:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Let's move on thenâ€¦
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">19:03:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">LTS status check</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">19:03:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> you are right
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">19:03:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I have messed up the merge
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">19:04:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> Working on a fix and will respin the tests later today
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">19:04:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> anyway, one issue was rejected: https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/issues/?jql=labels%20%3D%201.642.2-rejected
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">19:04:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> For the others: I commented on a merge commit earlier today that it looked like it included too much (1.643 in stable-1.642)
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">19:04:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> most was backported https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/issues/?jql=labels%20%3D%201.642.2-fixed
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">19:05:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> would anybody mind --force push?
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">19:05:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I published the changelog here based on 1.642.2-fixed: https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/pull/64
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">19:06:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> cool, thanks. please track this to be part of LTS routine
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">19:07:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> Have we announced the incoming security patch?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">19:07:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> and there I thought you handled LTS stuff :-)
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">19:07:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev Nope, we do this one week before, i.e. in one week. So, thanks for that :-)
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">19:08:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Maybe makes sense to add it to the "LTS forecast"
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">19:08:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> maybe... but let's discuss this some other time
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">19:08:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> changelog was always published by Jesse I think on CB pages
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">19:09:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> sure, I will report tomorrow on dev list
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">19:09:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> So FYI everyone, we'll have a security update in two weeks.
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">19:09:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ogondza Yep, and the Jenkins one was generated, but we got rid of that
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">19:09:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ogondza Other than the merge problem, we're good to go?
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">19:10:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> yes, we are
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">19:10:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">kohsuke to publish 1.642.2 RC once ogondza fixes up the merge commit problem</span>
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">19:10:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> great!
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">19:11:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Seek trademark approval for Jenkins World 2016 logo</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">19:11:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> alyssat this is yours
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">19:11:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> i'm seeking approval for CB to use this logo https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/download/attachments/54722987/Jenkins-World-revised-logo.jpg?version=1&amp;modificationDate=1453408974536 for Jenkins World (formerly JUC)
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">19:12:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">trademark guidelines we use: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Document#GovernanceDocument-Trademark</span>
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">19:12:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Not sure who owns the butler head, but AFAIU the trademark approval needs to be for a name that includes "Jenkins".
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">19:12:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I.e. we'd be approving "Jenkins World" with/without a year afterwards?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">19:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> the butler head is http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">19:12:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I don't like the oversized left hand, but it's not a topic for the approval
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">19:13:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">19:13:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the logo itself is irrelevant, the use of the Jenkins mark is what needs to be addressed
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">19:13:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> ping
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">19:13:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> ping
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">19:13:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> aye
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">19:13:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> i think this is the logo we'll be using moving forward, except the year will change of course.
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">19:13:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I actually think this probably should have just been an email to the board alias, not a governance meeting topic
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">19:13:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> IMO "Jenkins World" is fine
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">19:14:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> I don't see any problems with this request or usage.
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">19:14:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So let's vote?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">19:14:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> alyssat Again, I don't think the logo needs approval. The term "Jenkins World" needs approval.
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">19:14:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> +1 for the left hand. the designer can't seem to make it any better than that
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">19:14:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> yeah, it pertains to a Jenkins conference
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">19:14:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> if hare_brain is fine with it, and i'm fine with it, it's good
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">19:15:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Jenkins World is meant to be the biggest event for the user community so it'd be a disaster if we don't have "Jenkins" in its name
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">19:15:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> who is the "we" in that sentence
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">19:15:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Haha
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">19:15:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> ... if it doesn't have Jenkins in its name
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">19:16:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm not sure how that has any relevance, I think the usage is totally legit as far as our previous trademarking sublicensing has gone
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">19:16:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> +1 for approving this usage.
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">19:16:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> but hare_brain said he's fine with it, I'm fine with it, kohsuke's clearly fine with it, shall we move on?
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">19:16:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alyssat:</span> Anyway the logo can be adjusted a bit after the approval.
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">19:16:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">19:16:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> doesn't look like anyone's opposed.
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">19:17:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> It's not a decision of the board
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">19:17:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> since when?
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">19:17:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> super! thank you
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">19:17:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Document#GovernanceDocument-Decisionmaking
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">19:17:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> since board does not make decisions according our previous discsussion
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">19:18:01 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">nods</span>
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">19:18:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> fair enough
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">19:18:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Just to be sure, is anyone opposed to Jenkins World trademark usage?
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">19:18:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> +1 I'm OK
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">19:18:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> re +1
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">19:18:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> I think we can record the agreement and move on
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">19:19:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">Jenkins World trademark usage is approved</span>
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">19:19:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> thank you again
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">19:19:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">danielbeck to record approval</span>
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">19:19:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Infrastructure status report</span>
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">19:19:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">19:19:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> wheee
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">19:20:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> so many of you may or may have noticed we've had more challenging availability issues with wiki.jenkins-ci.org over the past couple months
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">19:20:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> we've seen escalating spam attacks, which larrys has done a lot of good work to help mitigate
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">19:20:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> it's 'manually-automated' in that there are clearly people being paid to deface and spam our wiki
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">19:20:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;larrys&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> why do you have to remind me ;)
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">19:21:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> would a migration to GitHub static pages help? I know it's hard :)
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">19:21:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> we're increasing counter-measures daily, but there's no guarantee that I can make that we won't see some instability in the future with the spammers hammering the wiki, and our spam counter measures also hammering the wiki
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">19:21:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> this also means that clever captchas or similar solutions don't help. They use VPNs and proxies to change IP addresses etc., so clearly know what they're doing.
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">19:22:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;larrys&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> they have hit JIRA a few times, and if we removed the wiki, and went some other way, then JIRA would be attacked
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">19:22:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> so that's one item I wanted to update the organization on
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">19:22:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> another major thing I wanted to inform folks about was that we're seeking some major infrastructure sponsorship this year
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">19:22:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Of course, no chance to fight on the legal front :(
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">19:23:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I don't have more concrete details I can share at this moment, but I'm hoping to secure a sponsorship which would allow us to both consolidate infrastructure into one "data center" (instead of four)
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">19:23:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> but also would allow us to invest more resources in ci.j.o and other developer services
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">19:23:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> since right now we're a bit "bare bones" as far as our infra goes
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">19:23:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> cool.
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">19:24:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> an ideal end-state for me would being able to consolidate from jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com and ci.jenkins-ci.org into one installation
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">19:24:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> with many bells, and many more whistles :)
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">19:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yep, it would be great
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">19:24:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> if there aren't any questions on these two points, we can move on
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">19:24:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Especially if we manage to have the OSS-only instance
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">19:25:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler Any ETA on sponsorship?
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">19:25:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> given the size and scope, there's a bit of negotiation to be had
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">19:25:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> I am expecting to know whether we can secure the sponsorship in the next 3 months
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">19:25:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> so ration the excitement it may hold a few months?
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">19:25:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> got it
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">19:25:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> but that doesn't guarantee that the funds would be dismursed at the end of that 3 months
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">19:25:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> first you have to get them to agree to give you money
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">19:26:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> then they give you money
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">19:26:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> any other questions?
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">19:27:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> rtyler. Yoy've forgotten the step #2. "Then they budget it"
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">19:27:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">19:27:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> let's move onâ€¦
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">19:27:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Should Jenkins be a mentor organisation for Google Summer of Code?</span>
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">19:27:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev this is yours
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">19:27:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/</span>
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">19:27:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> oh man, oleg-nenashev has a slideshow
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">19:27:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://speakerdeck.com/onenashev/jenkins-2-dot-0-google-code-of-summer-proposals</span>
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">19:27:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://speakerdeck.com/onenashev/jenkins-2-dot-0-google-code-of-summer-proposals</span>
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">19:27:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">19:28:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I just prepared several slides for the Monday's meeting :)
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">19:28:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> so I participated in GSoC in 2006; it's a great program
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">19:28:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the biggest challenge I see lying ahead for us is getting mentors
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">19:29:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> And Jenkins 2.0 is a good opportunity
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">19:29:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I don't see any *downside* to attempting to participate
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">19:29:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I mentor students at my university BTW, so I can take care of mentoring if the application get's accepted
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">19:30:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler Assuming we don't fail terribly in mentoring someone...
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">19:30:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> But if oleg-nenashev offers to do it, I'm all for it
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">19:30:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> please #info some deadlines
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">19:31:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Feb 19 is the application deadline</span>
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">19:31:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I think we should go for it, but I would order the work as: 1. braindump some sample projects 2. identify mentors 3. submit application 4. profit
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">19:31:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> (time line is on slide 4 of Oleg's deck)
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">19:32:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> +1 good idea.
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">19:32:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Only the first part
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">19:32:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I can make proposal on sample projects in the mailing list
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">19:32:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I think encouraging projects which will increase quality in core, or user experience from core would be good
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">19:32:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> projects which work on plugins is less exciting to me
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">19:33:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> (imho)
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">19:33:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> I'll be against more ruby in the core ;)
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">19:33:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Yes, I would vote for a work aligned with Jenkins 2.0. Core or "core plugins"
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">19:34:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">batmat:</span> didn't you hear, we're switching to scala
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">19:34:01 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">ducks</span>
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">19:34:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> so you're volunteering to spearhead the effort I assume?
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">19:34:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> would suit me better than ruby actually :)
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">19:34:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> The idea is that students make proposals and discuss the efforts
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">19:35:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> I can do it, but I need to re-check the Mentor requirements. I earn money for Jenkins-related work, so there may be a conflict
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">19:35:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> But I can drive the application process in any case
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">19:35:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> regardless of mentorship, can you organize the program part?
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">19:35:37 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">nods</span>
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">19:35:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> anybody object to oleg-nenashev proceeding with the sample project, mentor finding and application process?
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">19:36:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> I can help with the application once you think we're ready
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">19:36:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> no, oleg-nenashev be our Champion!
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">19:36:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Yep. We will also need alyssat. GSoC participants may qualify for Jenkins World or whatever event
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">19:38:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Seems nobody is against
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">19:38:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Doesn't look like anyone's opposed, so I think oleg-nenashev can go ahead.
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">19:38:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> happy to help out where ever needed
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">19:38:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Shall we move on?
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">19:38:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">oleg_nenashev to handle the GSoC application process</span>
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">19:39:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Do we have a timeline for the Governance Board elections?</span>
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">19:39:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> orrc's topic
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">19:39:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> allysat ty :)
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">19:39:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> yey
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">19:39:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-536</span>
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">19:39:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Yes we need
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">19:39:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> so here's the update
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">19:39:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I haven't had the time to actually /implement/ the voting
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">19:39:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> so we have a couple options
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">19:40:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> either somebody can take a crack at submitting a pull request for the account-app
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">19:40:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> evaluate steve and update the ticket, or $OTHER
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">19:40:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/jenkins-infra/account-app</span>
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">19:40:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> this is really the only blocker, is we don't yet have the facilities to operate an election
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">19:40:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> when we did it the first time around it was....a google spreadsheet I think
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">19:41:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the nearest time I think I would have to work on it is maybe the end of february :'(
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">19:41:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> or maybe use a github issue in some project?
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">19:41:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> and use the GH API to count +1/-1?
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">19:41:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">batmat:</span> and then manually correlate to everybody in LDAP?
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">19:42:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> that also doesn't allow anonymous voting now does it
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">19:42:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> we don't have that correlation? again trying to remember how it works
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">19:43:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">batmat:</span> it's not guaranteed to exist
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">19:43:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> oh yeah, right.
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">19:43:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> but anyways
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">19:43:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> I thought about that because we voted publicly IIRC for Hudson-&gt;Jenkins
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">19:43:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> but I understand this is different for an election of ppl
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">19:44:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> so orrc that's the shitty update I have for you on this front :(
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">19:44:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Looks like orrc isn't hereâ€¦?
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">19:45:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> What about apps like SurveyMonkey?
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">19:45:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> would still need to correlate at some pt?
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">19:45:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> this has to be integrated into our LDAP somehow
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">19:45:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> but this is not the time nor place to discuss solutions here
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">19:45:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> yeah, let's move onâ€¦
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">19:45:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> if somebody wants to propose something, jupm on that ticket
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">19:45:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> halp
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">19:45:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">http://help.surveymonkey.com/articles/en_US/kb/Can-I-create-a-poll-or-voting-environment</span>
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">19:46:13 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">facepalms</span>
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">19:46:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We can just extract e-mails and send invites
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">19:46:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> this is not productive
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">19:46:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> if you want to implement a voting system that ties into LDAP with surveymonkey
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">19:46:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> we can talk about doing that
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">19:47:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Discussion: clarify that plugins available through the update center are required to have their source code canonical repository hosted under the Jenkinsci GitHub organization</span>
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">19:47:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> batmat's topic
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">19:47:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">last thread about it https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/IoRmYHNn3Q4</span>
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">19:47:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> sounds like another step of the noose tightening that we've started (wiki requirement, etc)
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">19:48:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> cool you're here. What's your feeling about it? rtyler has already expressed his opinion on the ML. Basically IIRC he said he finds it "reasonable"
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">19:49:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> FWIW I'm all +1 for slow &amp; steadily improving those requirements
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">19:49:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> May be a good case for Jenkins 2.0 UC
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">19:49:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> not sure it's totally related. UC 2.0 might a way to relax some of those requirements, you mean?
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">19:50:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I think stephenc's suggestion is good followup work if anybody is willing to do it
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">19:50:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev So for the plugins we keep compatible by limiting the breakage, we throw them away arbitrarily this way?
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">19:50:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> like, we set requirements for what it means for the Jenkins project to continue to distribute $plugin but make it more easy (like apt) to subscribe to additional sources of plugins
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">19:51:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> can you clarify? Are you talking about the Maven Central sync?
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">19:51:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> (the sentence about stephenc)
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">19:51:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">19:51:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> batmat danielbeck: I think that Jenkins 2.0 is a good excuse for NEW releases of plugins We need to centralize the stuff to setup CI, so I think it's reasonable
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">19:51:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler UpdateSites Manager Plugin exists today. Just nobody running an update site.
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">19:52:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I personally would be in favour of making it easier for people to manage
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">19:52:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> multiple update centres
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">19:52:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> that gets into the infra status update a bit
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">19:52:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> we cannot possibly support CI for all plugins anywhere but jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com right now, and we have limited control over that
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">19:53:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> GitHuborg  belongs to infra, isn't it? :)
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">19:53:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> ideally a consolidated + improved jenkins instance would address that limitation to make what you suggest possible
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">19:55:02 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">isn't sure where to go with this discussion</span>
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">19:55:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> So, as stated on the subject, I think this is a bit too quick to try and get a statement/decision here. So I'd like to gather opinions (not votes) on the original question
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">19:55:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> Which is
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">19:55:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Jenkins supports multiple UCs internally, but does not expose a UI to manage them. So you need to have a plugin which adds additional ones (and manages their certificates).
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">19:56:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> "Should all plugins presented through the official Jenkins-ci.org UC have their canonical source code repository hosted under the github.com/jenkinsci org?"
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">19:56:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> doing things like universe/multiverse (multiple UCs) require more work, so here I think we should just focus on limiting what gets distributed in the community UC, which is how we've been doing this.
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">19:57:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> batmat define "canonical". Keeping all the releases there isn't enough, you want no  PRs elsewhere etc.?
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">19:57:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I like the idea of starting this with UC for 2.0
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">19:57:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> are we going to be generating and hosting a fully different update-center.json for 2.0?
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">19:57:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> some ppl pretend this is going back. But many, like Andrew, indeed confirms this may not have always been crystal clear, but always assumed.
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">19:57:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> we already do that for each LTS line
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">19:58:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">batmat:</span> I agree with Andrew that this has been the intent but it wasn't crystal clear
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">19:58:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> that didn't really answer my question
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">19:58:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> but I infer "yes" is the answer
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">19:58:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> kohsuke Right, but essentially based on the same rules. Are you saying 2.0 UC would have different content rules (besides version req)?
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">19:58:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> yeah, sorry
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">19:59:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> considering we already have jenkins 2.0 builds, will you send me out of band the ticket that's tracked in
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">19:59:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> I'd say it's the same rules in spirit, just more clarified rules
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">20:00:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Unless we develop a new policy for whatever reason
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">20:00:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> IIUC you are a big supporter of this effort, right?
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">20:00:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> kohsuke Would the 1.x update sites continue to operate on the more relaxed/unenforced rules?
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">20:00:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> kohsuke Yes.
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">20:01:02 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">would rather see less version specific logic in UC generation than more</span>
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">20:01:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I just think taking things down from existing UC would cause more friction where saying you won't be a part of the new UC will be easier
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">20:01:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> ... given that for some people this comes across as imposing more rules
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">20:01:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Seems reasonable to me to say that 1.x UCs behave unchanged, but 2.x UCs enforce the hosting rule. Surely not a big deal to change the backend generation script this way?
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">20:01:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> plugins disappearing from the UC would also be a reason for sombody to avoid upgrading
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">20:01:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> keep that in mind
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">20:01:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> that's true
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">20:02:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I have the same concern as rtyler. The new update sites would be worse than the old ones on some metrics.
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">20:02:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> anyways, we've exhausted the time for today, i think we've met our quota of filling batmat's scrollback with some opinions like he asked us to :P
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">20:02:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We can announce the list in the blog &amp;&amp; try to contact plugin owners
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">20:02:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> but they would not notice that the plugin *updates* were no longer on the UC until after they upgraded coreâ€¦they would just assume the plugin has not done any new releases recently. :-)
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">20:02:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev You mean like for wiki URLs?
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">20:02:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> kinda
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">20:03:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> that took over 6 months to sort out IIRC
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">20:03:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> which is ridiculous
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">20:03:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev Oh look it didn't work, the majority of plugins just disappeared
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">20:03:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> So not sure how successful that would be, I'd expect not at all.
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">20:03:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> I'd like to use API/plugin deprecation API, but seems we won't have it in 2.0
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">20:04:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Clearly there's more to discuss here
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">20:04:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">20:04:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> that was the intent
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">20:04:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">20:04:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> maybe in two weeks and batmat suggests the topic now so it's further up on the list :)
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">20:05:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Since we've run out of time I suggest we end this now -- anyone wants to still add something?
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">20:05:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Doesn't look like itâ€¦
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">20:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">next meeting</span>
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">20:05:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> next meeting in two weeks, Feb 17, same time, same channel
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">20:06:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orrc&gt;</span> \o/
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">20:06:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
