<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:00:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:00:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:00:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> \o/
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:00:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:00:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">last meeting's action</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:00:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.html</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:01:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> 1.642.2 is done
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:01:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> and action item #3 is also done: https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=66
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:01:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I dropped the ball on getting a candidacy timeline in place :(
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:01:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I need to file a ticket for myself to remember
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:01:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> action #4 is also done. hrm means "his royal majesty"
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:02:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> haha
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:02:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> and pw is Patrick Wolf his name
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:02:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alyssat:</span> anything to report on vJAM group on meetup.com?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:03:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I don't see it in there
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I know she tried to get a Jenkins Online Meetup started
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:03:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> oleg-nenashev: do you guys know anything?
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:03:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> it exists
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:04:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> virtual is evil, online is not, apparently.
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> http://www.meetup.com/Jenkins-online-meetup/
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:04:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> oh
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:05:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alyssat:</span> say something again
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:05:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> when we start meetings we have to un-moderate the channel
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:05:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Oh
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:05:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I can never remember those IRC commands
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:05:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> vJAM is now live and active
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:05:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> thats better
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:06:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Great. Moving on...
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:06:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">LTS status check</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:06:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> I noticed you have restarted the release job after I did, was there something wrong?
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:06:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> with .2 i mean
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:06:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> .2 RC? or you mean the actual release?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:07:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> the RC
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:07:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Hmm, I don't remember that
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:07:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Maybe that was me trying to push the release tag retroactively?
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:07:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> ok, I guess that is all good
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:08:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Whatever I did or I didn't do, I'm sorry if it caused trouble
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:08:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> anyway, all testing I done on .3 is green
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:08:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Yay
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:08:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> just checking
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:08:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> no security advisory is planned on this one, so we are good to release, right?
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:08:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:08:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">1.652.3 is a go</span>
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:09:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">kohsuke to start 1.652.3 release asap</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:09:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next LTS base selection</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:09:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> 2.0 w00!
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:09:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> right?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:09:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> bueller?
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:09:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> xD
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:09:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://jenkins-ci.org/changelog/</span>
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:10:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> we actually have no negative feedback over the last few weeks on the changelog.
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:10:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I noticed that. That's amzing
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:10:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> maybe the rating app is broken
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:10:51 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">chuckles</span>
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:10:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> 1.650 will absorb all security fixes
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:11:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Yeah, seems like a good good starting point
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:11:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler There's one where they link to the issue that was fixed in the release
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:12:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> do you have any thoughts on the new base version?
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:12:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> kohsuke Should be fine.
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:13:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> anyone else?
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:13:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;teilo&gt;</span> I would go much higher than 1.650
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:14:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;teilo&gt;</span> 1.651 minimum for better supportability
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:14:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;teilo&gt;</span> and if the changelog is correct an those are the only changes I see no reason why not 1.652 or 1.653 (even though that has not been out for 2 weeks)
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:15:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> 1.653 is incomplete and has new remoting
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:15:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I'd rather not use that one
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:15:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> JENKINS-33467 in 1.653 causes a regression in a couple of plugins but the fault is in the plugins and the fix is trivial.
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:15:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> It's just too new
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:15:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> 1.652 seems good
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:16:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I am ok with 651
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:16:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-1.650...jenkins-1.652
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:17:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> there's some stapler changes that had someone reporting an issue there, too
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:17:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> I would be happy to have `WorkspaceList.tempDir` but it could also wait for a 2.0 baseline.
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:17:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> kohsuke means https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/commit/0d0d2a9c133abee1cfd81397c84767638c5a3432 I guess
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:18:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I meant https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/commit/1e804fdf2746e224d175d2de764111aa22860a25#comments
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:18:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> JENKINS-25440 I will mark lts-candidate anyway.
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:18:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> oh
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> sorry
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:18:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> ogondza is right
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:19:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> 651 then?
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:19:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:20:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> that stapler regression is reported against 1.651, but I'm fine with 1.651 if you guys don't see it as a problem
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:20:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">next LTS baseline is 1.651</span>
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:21:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Moving on ...
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:21:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/commit/0d0d2a9c133abee1cfd81397c84767638c5a3432 is in 1.652
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:21:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Both 1.651 and 1.652 have stapler updates I see
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:21:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> jglick in that case then 1.651 is good
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:21:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> but the reporter said he bisected
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:21:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> right
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:21:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Okay, 651 it is
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:21:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Seek trademark usage approval for "Jenkins Days"</span>
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:22:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I think it was several months ago, in the project meeting I went over https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Proposal+-+Revisiting+JUC+in+2016
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:22:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> 1.652 actually has better ratings. But whatever.
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:22:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> ... which had the plan for "Jenkins World" and "CloudBees - Jenkins Summit"
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:23:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Sampling error probably.
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:23:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I should have found the exact minutes, but I believe this was generally well accepted
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:24:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> We then formally requested the mark approval for "Jenkins World"
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:24:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-02-03-19.00.html
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:25:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> And now I'm here to get the approval for the smaller brother, which was originally called "CloudBees - Jenkins Summit" but its name has chanegd to "Jenkins Day"
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:25:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Sorry "Jenkins Days"
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:25:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> what's the smaller brother actually entail?
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:25:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> The content hasn't changed
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:25:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> alyssat can correct me if I'm wrong, but my understanding is that ...
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:25:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler KK's wiki link, scroll down
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:26:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> it's a road show that takes some of the contents from Jenkins World
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:27:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> http://www.devopsconnect.com/cddallas16/
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:27:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> that's a sample of one city
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:27:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> pretty much same content but going to diff cities
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:27:55 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">reads up</span>
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:28:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> content consist of OSS, CB Jenkins Enterprise, and Devops
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:28:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Like Jenkins world, those content were segregated into different tracks
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:28:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> correct
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:29:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alyssat:</span> is "Jenkins Days" supposed to be used for an umbrella naming of everything together? or just the Jenkins aspect of it?
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:30:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> i think this is to replace CD Summit &amp; Jenkins Days as a whole. There's too many 'Summits' out there
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:31:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> as far as this document is concerned https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Proposal+-+Revisiting+JUC+in+2016 there is no mention of "CD Summit"
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:31:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> alyssat kohsuke: From what I see the sample is not a free event. I suppose this is same for Jenkins Days, right?
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:31:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I think so
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:31:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Not a problem at all IMHO
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:31:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> correct
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:32:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orrc&gt;</span> so "Jenkins Days", plural, is a single-day event :)
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:32:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> hah
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:32:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> it's a 2 days event..thus 'Jenkins Days'
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:33:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> in multiple cities
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:33:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orrc&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alyssat:</span> not according to that schedule, or the wiki page. but I was just kidding
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:33:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alyssat:</span> is there a better description on the wiki or elsewhere of what this would entail
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:34:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> i don't think so. I can get the wiki page updated w/ better description
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:35:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I think a clear description of what this event would entail should be written up before we can move forward on this topic
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:36:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> ok. i'll do that
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:38:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> All right,
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:39:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I think we are moving on
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:39:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alyssat:</span> we can follow up on this next meeting
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:39:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'll be around if you need help hammering out the definition on the wiki
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:39:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">need more clarity on Jenkins Days since that appear to have changed since the early round</span>
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:40:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#topc </span><span class="cmdline">infrastructure status update</span>
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:40:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> so close
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:40:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">infrastructure status update</span>
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:40:15 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">cheers</span>
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:40:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> yours
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:40:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> alright, so I wanted to get into the habit of regularly making these kinds of updates
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:41:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> with the 2.0 fervor there's not a tremendous amount of movement happening here
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:41:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> however
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:41:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> abayer has secured a Mac build machinie we can add to ci.jenkins-ci.org (https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-601)
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:41:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> woohooo
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:41:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> IIUC he got that "donated" from a mac hosting company
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:41:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> teilo has requested a windows machine or machines we can add to the cluster as well
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:41:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> are we on track with the site kick-off? Do we shift it as well due to the 2.0 delay?
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:41:58 </span><span class="nka">* oleg-nenashev</span> <span class="ac">talks about the website</span>
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:42:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm waiting for teilo's credit card information so I can provision AWS or Azure Windows machines xD
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:42:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> i'll address that after my updates are finished
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:42:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Jenkins prjoect infra can be found here: https://github.com/jenkins-infra or in #jenkins-infra</span>
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:42:45 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">spells good</span>
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:42:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the big projects that are on deck for the infra are:
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:43:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> cutting over to jenkins.io once we're ready (WEBSITE-51)
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:43:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> spinning up new build infra (as mentioned previously)
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:43:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#proposal: </span><span class="cmdline">send "team updates" in advance to mailing lists or post them on the wiki</span>
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:43:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> working with tscherler to get his prototyped plugin site incorporated into the infra
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:44:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> you're killin' me here
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:44:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> are there any question on current affairs/status of infrastructure I can answer?
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:44:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> Sorry for disturbing. You're doing great job by making such updates. 👍
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:44:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh, to answer oleg-nenashev's question about the website, we're on track to cut over to jenkins.io sometime next week
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:45:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> any call to action?
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:45:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> this wouldn't change issues.jenkins-ci.org or wiki.jenkins-ci.org
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:45:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> no?
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:45:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> primarily this would affect just jenkins-ci.org (the site) moving over
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:45:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> do we redirect from jenkins-ci.org? Or just add a new alias?
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:45:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler What's the state of the spam currently?
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:45:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> we can move to issues.jenkins.io "later", but the cost of doing so is generating new certs for things
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:45:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> spam is largely in check thanks to larrys work
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:46:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">larrys:</span> I don't know fi there are any follow ups you wish to share?
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:46:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;larrys&gt;</span> The wiki is under check with a servlet filter
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:46:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> jenkins-ci.org will redirect over to jenkins.io
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:46:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;larrys&gt;</span> and seems to be working good
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:47:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">the initial domain plan is to just migrate jenkins-ci.org to jenkins.io, other sub-domains will follow at a later point</span>
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:47:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;larrys&gt;</span> I have not had a chance to make the plugin work with JIRA, there are some issues, and not sure of spam problem there (if it is huge). I've seen a few issues as spam
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:47:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;larrys&gt;</span> but not as big as wiki pages
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:47:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">if you see JIRA spam, please let #jenkins-infra know</span>
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:48:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> any more infra questions before we move on?
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:48:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> We have  other status updates, so I suggest we wrap this up
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:48:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">event status update from alyssat</span>
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:48:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> There's currently lots of activities in the events area. I have 3 high level event updates.
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:48:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> Event update #1: wrt big community events we are working on Jenkins World (Sept 13-15). We're thinking of doing the contributor hackathon weekend of Sept 10-11 and then a summit (similar to the summit held at Fosdem) on Sept 13, topic is TBD. The call for papers for Jenkins World is open until May 1
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:48:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> https://jenkins-cfp.herokuapp.com/events/jenkins-world-2016. Right now we have about 18 submissions. If anyone would like to be part of selection committee pls lemme know. We are working on the committee webpage, once it's up current selection members will be linked from jenkinsworld.com
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:49:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">if you're interested in helping select talks for jenkins world, contact atong@cloudbees.com</span>
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:49:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">if you're interested in submitting a talk for jenkins world https://jenkins-cfp.herokuapp.com/events/jenkins-world-2016.</span>
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:49:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> that hackathon weekend is the idea that came out of FOSDEM contributor event
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:49:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> which I've still not posted the meeting notes/updates from &gt;_&lt;
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:50:01 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">fails</span>
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:50:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> ... to have time to work on things we've discussed during the earlier contributor summit
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:50:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alyssat:</span> what else ya got?
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:50:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> Event update #2: Jenkins User Conference Israel is slated for July 3, 1 day event. KK will be there. The CFP is open until April 24.  https://jenkins-cfp.herokuapp.com/events/jenkins-user-conference-israel
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:51:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> This is like 6th or something annual event now
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:51:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> Event update #3: JAMs - http://www.meetup.com/pro/jenkins/ We are currently at 27 JAMs and +2450 members and of course the vJAM is at 168 members. My ask - if you go out and talk to people - if they are a Jenkins fan and into community efforts perhaps encourage them to start a JAM in their area if there isn't already one.
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:51:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Wow, 27!
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:51:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> yes. the last JUC IL had 700 attendees
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:51:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the Los Angeles JAM started because we met some folks at SCaLE and talked to them about JAMs
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:52:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> JAM - we went from 5 to 27 from Oct to now
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:52:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> looking forward to that community growing, lots of Jenkins users in socal
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:52:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> yes! and that's exactly what we are hoping others to do
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:52:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> right :)
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:52:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Any questions, comments?
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:52:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">details around Jenkins Area Meetups: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Jenkins+Area+Meetup</span>
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:53:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> and huge thanks to oleg-nenashev for being such a huge supporter
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:53:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Otherwise moving on to the security updates...
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:53:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I believe it's danielbeck's time to shine :D
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:53:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> \o/
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:53:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Security status update by danielbeck</span>
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:53:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> This is quick. Nothing interesting to report.
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:53:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> .3 wasn't a security update
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:53:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> .1 is not expected to become one
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:54:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> are there outstanding security related tickets/features for 2.0?
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:54:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Right now the major security topic is that we've opened up Jira to plugin maintainers
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:54:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> so they can access SECURITY issues in their plugins
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:54:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> and we've already got feedback on that
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:54:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> did you already make that change in JIRA?
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:54:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler Yep, two days ago
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:54:42 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">cheers</span>
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:54:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> did you send anything out to the dev list?
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:54:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> yes, I did
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:54:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I might have missed it among the gsoc traffic
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:55:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> we still need a kind of policy, but it's a huge step forward
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:55:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> probably, that a busy list right now.
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">18:55:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> And the other big topic is "secure by default" for Jenkins 2.0
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">18:55:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> alpha 3 basically contains this already
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">18:56:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> there are a few followup issues that may still make it into 2.0, but the big issue -- locking down an instance by default -- is resolved.
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">18:56:11 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">cheers louder</span>
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">18:56:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> So check out alpha 3 and try to break into it ;-)
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">18:56:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I sent my feedback on it to the users list an hour or so back
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">18:56:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> Is it too late to propose other security hardening? CSRF, s2m, etc.?
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">18:56:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev CSRF and s2m are enabled by default
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">18:56:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> or at least they should be
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">18:56:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> oh, cool
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">18:57:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> s2m?
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">18:57:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> slave to master security
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">18:57:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> http://jenkins-ci.org/security-144
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">18:57:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> ah
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">18:57:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Let's wrap up &amp; do a quick 2.0 update, too
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">18:57:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> We still have the SSHD open, and the UDP/DNS broadcast, but that's WIP
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">18:58:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> got tickets to reference?
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">18:58:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> not without taking the rest of the meeting time. It's labeled 2.0
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">18:58:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> okie
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">18:58:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> let's go to a 2.0 update
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">18:58:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">2.0 status update</span>
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">18:59:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> we are kinda already talking about that
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">18:59:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> 2 important updates, I think
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">18:59:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> one is the date slippage that's already sent in email
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">18:59:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> the other is the JIRA board: https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=66
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">19:00:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> alpha-4 today, beta next Wed, RC a week after, then GA a week after is the current plan
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">19:00:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> No more new features beyond what's already in flight
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">19:00:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> We are in the lock down mode
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">19:00:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">orrc:</span> some of the tickets in that board are yours, and I don't know if those are on track
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">19:01:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> he mentioned in a PR that he's not got a lot of time this week
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">19:01:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> in time for today
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">19:01:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> one of those terminology tickets could be easily picked up by somebody else
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">19:01:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I was hoping that the call to action on those tickets would drive some interest
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">19:02:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> All right, I think we are done
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">19:02:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Anything to add danielbeck ?
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">19:02:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">next meeting</span>
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">19:02:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Seems fine. We'll keep the dev list updated.
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">19:02:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> @GSoC mentors: we are having meetings tomorrow and on Sunday
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">19:03:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Oh, Sunday might be problematic
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">19:03:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> anyway, let's close this meeting and we can go back to #jenkins-community
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">19:03:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">next meeting is March 30th</span>
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">19:03:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Is Europe in DST by then?
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">19:03:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I believe so
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">19:03:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">19:03:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> depends on the country
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">19:03:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">19:03:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">watch out for the time zone adjustment once again due to day light saving time</span>
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">19:04:15 </span><span class="nka">* kohsuke</span> <span class="ac">shakes my head in dismay, as a guy from a country without DST</span>
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">19:04:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I would definitely vote for moving to UTC
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">19:04:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
