<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by kohsuke at 19:00:17 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-5'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:00:40)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">recap of the actions from the last week</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-6'>kohsuke</a>, 19:00:56)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-7'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:01:15)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-19'>kohsuke</a>, 19:04:07)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    push 1.642.2 release commit and ping ogondza so that he can post
    RC</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-26'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:05:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">1.642.3 RC is
    good to go</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-33'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:06:37)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">board election update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-35'>kohsuke</a>, 19:06:51)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">board election logistics are still stalled
    based on the zero time available to work on it</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-43'>rtyler</a>,
    19:07:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">given my current workload and the difficulty in
    getting all the logistics in place, I think we would reasonably be
    able to start the election process in April</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-58'>rtyler</a>,
    19:11:26)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-72'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:14:11)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    compile a more exact timeline of the candidacy process for the next
    meeting</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-79'>rtyler</a>,
    19:15:17)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">2.0 status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-95'>kohsuke</a>, 19:16:46)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://jenkins-ci.org/2.0</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-97'>rtyler</a>,
    19:17:04)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">feedback thread on the jenkinsci-users list:
    https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-users/fEWFVUj0UVY/GbG0ChvkIgAJ</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-101'>rtyler</a>,
    19:17:50)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">we need to have
    that better tracked in our JIRA</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-107'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:18:52)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">I'm going to
    ask Patrick to take on "what's left" page</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-114'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:20:00)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/84dTygm378g/7oct6gbJBwAJ</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-122'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:21:15)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Plugin+Selection+for+the+Setup+Dialog</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-128'>rtyler</a>,
    19:22:29)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke what
    does hrmpw mean :-)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-131'>batmat</a>,
    19:23:05)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Certification update from beta exams</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-159'>kohsuke</a>, 19:27:19)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">autojack sits on the certification advisory
    board</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-196'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:34:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">correction, autojack volunteered to the
    certification advisory board</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-202'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:34:45)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Conversion of Office Hours to Jenkins Online meetup</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-206'>kohsuke</a>, 19:35:00)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/LMTCNDv-jgY</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-208'>rtyler</a>,
    19:35:34)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/LMTCNDv-jgY</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-209'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:35:34)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">create a new
    virtual JAM meetup group</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-244'>rtyler</a>,
    19:40:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">as vJAM lead
    oleg-nenashev  and danielbeck will figure out how to actually run
    the meetup virtually, webex/gtm/hangout-on-air</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-291'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:46:15)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">alyssat will
    set up vJAM group in meetup.com</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-292'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:46:34)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Planning of GSoC office hours</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-298'>kohsuke</a>, 19:47:16)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dv9UXyT_FPukJXrBYauIKvxrZeEU6BT7v90LSQX36MU/edit#</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-300'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:47:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Jenkins has been accepted to GSoC</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-301'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    19:47:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We have committed to perform special office
    hours</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-304'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    19:47:59)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Google+Summer+Of+Code+2016</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-306'>rtyler</a>,
    19:48:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We should help students to prepare their
    applications by March 14th</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-308'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    19:48:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">GSoC students will find Jenkins and its ideas
    page via the official org page:
    https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/5668199471251456/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-318'>orrc</a>,
    19:50:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">overall GSoC timeline:
    https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/timeline</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-325'>orrc</a>,
    19:51:05)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/timeline</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-331'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    19:52:35)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">the
    conversation about the virtual open house will continue in
    #jenkins-community</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-358'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:57:53)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting time</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-359'>kohsuke</a>, 19:58:06)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">next meeting will be in March 16th the usual
    time</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-365'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:58:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">watch out for US DST change. For the rest of
    the world this meeting will move up by an hour</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html#l-377'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:59:34)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:59:51 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>kohsuke to push 1.642.2 release commit and ping ogondza so that he can post RC</li>
  <li>rtyler to compile a more exact timeline of the candidacy process for the next meeting</li>
  <li>I'm going to ask Patrick to take on "what's left" page</li>
  <li>kohsuke what does hrmpw mean :-)</li>
  <li>alyssat will set up vJAM group in meetup.com</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> alyssat <ol>
    <li>alyssat will set up vJAM group in meetup.com</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>kohsuke to push 1.642.2 release commit and ping ogondza so that he can post RC</li>
    <li>kohsuke what does hrmpw mean :-)</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>kohsuke to push 1.642.2 release commit and ping ogondza so that he can post RC</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to compile a more exact timeline of the candidacy process for the next meeting</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (144)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (84)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (38)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (30)</li>
  <li>batmat (29)</li>
  <li>orrc (17)</li>
  <li>teilo (11)</li>
  <li>alyssat (9)</li>
  <li>autojack (8)</li>
  <li>ogondza (7)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>Slide-O-Mix (2)</li>
  <li>schristou (1)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
