<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:29 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting action items</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-8'>rtyler</a>, 18:00:52)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-05-25-18.01.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-11'>rtyler</a>,
    18:01:21)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-18'>rtyler</a>, 18:02:51)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-15331">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-15331</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-26'>ogondza</a>,
    18:04:40)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza to
    report testing is done and ping kk to do the release</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-29'>ogondza</a>,
    18:06:02)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next LTS baseline selection</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-34'>rtyler</a>, 18:07:25)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://jenkins.io/changelog/">https://jenkins.io/changelog/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-35'>ogondza</a>,
    18:07:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://jenkins.io/changelog/ for changelogs
    and community ratings</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-36'>rtyler</a>,
    18:07:41)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/2399">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/2399</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-61'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:13:20)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">next LTS
    baseline 2.7 + JENKINS-35206 backport + Groovy 2.4.7</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-77'>rtyler</a>,
    18:17:26)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC Status Check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-84'>rtyler</a>, 18:18:27)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Jenkins Core Web UI improvements:
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/2388</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-89'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:18:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Support Core Plugin improvements:
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/support-core-plugin/pull/64</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-90'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:18:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">External Workspace Manager:
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/external-workspace-manager-plugin</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-91'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:18:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Jenkins usage stats:
    https://github.com/Payal94/GSoC-Jenkins-Usage-Statistics-Analysis</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-92'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:18:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Plugin documentation publishing:</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-93'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:18:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Plugin documentation
    publishing:https://github.com/anyangocynthia/GSOC-automatic-publisher</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-108'>canyango1</a>,
    18:21:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The next public office hours will be held
    tomorrow as usual</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-113'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:23:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">7PM UTC, likely in #jenkins-community</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-114'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:23:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the GSoC Office Hours are in the public Jenkins
    calendar https://jenkins.io/content/event-calendar/</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-116'>rtyler</a>,
    18:23:53)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Q3 patron messages</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-122'>rtyler</a>, 18:25:38)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/12">https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/12</a>
    is the current state of Q3 messages <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-125'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:25:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/12 is
    the current state of Q3 messages</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-128'>rtyler</a>,
    18:26:04)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://jenkinsci.github.io/patron/tester.html?caption=Evolve+your+Jenkins+pipeline+to+CD+with+XebiaLabs&amp;link=https%3A%2F%2Fxebialabs.com%2Fproducts%2F&amp;blurb=Release+Orchestration+%7C+Deployment+Automation+%7C+Test+Results+Management+Automate+your+Enterpise+Continuous+Delivery+pipeline+with+XebiaLabs&amp;logo=http%3A%2F%2Fgo.xebialabs.com%2Frs%2F404-ZJQ-295%2Fimages%2FXebiaLabs78x78.png">http://jenkinsci.github.io/patron/tester.html?caption=Evolve+your+Jenkins+pipeline+to+CD+with+XebiaLabs&amp;link=https%3A%2F%2Fxebialabs.com%2Fproducts%2F&amp;blurb=Release+Orchestration+%7C+Deployment+Automation+%7C+Test+Results+Management+Automate+your+Enterpise+Continuous+Delivery+pipeline+with+XebiaLabs&amp;logo=http%3A%2F%2Fgo.xebialabs.com%2Frs%2F404-ZJQ-295%2Fimages%2FXebiaLabs78x78.png</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-130'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:26:51)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">XebiaLabs
    message is approved</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-150'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:31:13)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    prepare new CB patron messages for approval</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-153'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:32:11)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Licensing and unrestricted access of Usage Statistics</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-154'>rtyler</a>, 18:32:17)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Usage+Statistics</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-155'>rtyler</a>,
    18:32:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I sent a proposal to the infra list already to
    sanity check:
    http://lists.jenkins-ci.org/pipermail/jenkins-infra/2016-June/000742.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-156'>rtyler</a>,
    18:32:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Open Database License
    http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1.0/</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-161'>rtyler</a>,
    18:34:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    sync with batmat to identify side effects for
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/1985 with this
    proposal</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-211'>rtyler</a>,
    18:49:50)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-212'>rtyler</a>, 18:49:54)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Next meeting June 22nd</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html#l-217'>rtyler</a>,
    18:51:50)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:51:56 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-06-08-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>ogondza to report testing is done and ping kk to do the release</li>
  <li>danielbeck to prepare new CB patron messages for approval</li>
  <li>rtyler to sync with batmat to identify side effects for https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/1985 with this proposal</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> danielbeck <ol>
    <li>danielbeck to prepare new CB patron messages for approval</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>ogondza to report testing is done and ping kk to do the release</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to sync with batmat to identify side effects for https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/1985 with this proposal</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (92)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (49)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (44)</li>
  <li>ogondza (17)</li>
  <li>alyssat (7)</li>
  <li>canyango1 (3)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>jglick (2)</li>
  <li>KostyaSha (2)</li>
  <li>minudika (1)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (0)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
