<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:30 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting's actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-7'>rtyler</a>, 18:01:08)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-18'>rtyler</a>, 18:03:30)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    push 1.561.2</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-21'>ogondza</a>,
    18:04:06)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-36'>rtyler</a>, 18:06:16)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to finish the blog post ASAP</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-43'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:06:35)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to contact mentors and schedule new office hours to the next
    week</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-44'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:06:35)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to schedule office hours with students before the hacking period
    starts (next week)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-45'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:06:36)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to make a proposal regarding swags</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-46'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:06:36)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to contact alyssat regarding lightning talks for student projects at
    Jenkins World</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-47'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:06:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Mentors that have projects which depend on
    infrastructure resources, please make sure your students have JIRA
    accounts and either file INFRA tickets or watch existing ones</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-70'>rtyler</a>,
    18:09:30)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Infrastructure status update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-84'>rtyler</a>, 18:13:14)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">a few weeks ago we proactively migrated lots of
    infrastructure:
    https://jenkins.io/blog/2016/04/22/possible-infra-compromise/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-87'>rtyler</a>,
    18:14:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the comments to INFRA-559 are pretty
    entertaining</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-100'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:17:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the infrastructure sponsorship that I mentioned
    a few weeks ago is still being negotiated right now</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-106'>rtyler</a>,
    18:19:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">GSoC students and mentors that depend on infra
    work, please make those priorities known in the INFRA project in
    JIRA</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-114'>rtyler</a>,
    18:21:20)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Security status update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-122'>rtyler</a>, 18:24:36)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Events status update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-139'>rtyler</a>, 18:31:19)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">the first Online JAM was hosted, the video and
    some Q&amp;A has been posted here:
    https://jenkins.io/blog/2016/05/10/jenkins-20-vjam/</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-156'>rtyler</a>,
    18:36:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the #jenkins-community channel is a great place
    to discuss upcoming events and other community organization
    activities</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-158'>rtyler</a>,
    18:36:49)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-164'>rtyler</a>, 18:38:39)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">next meeting may 25th</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html#l-169'>rtyler</a>,
    18:39:28)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:39:30 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>kohsuke to push 1.561.2</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to finish the blog post ASAP</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to contact mentors and schedule new office hours to the next week</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to schedule office hours with students before the hacking period starts (next week)</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to make a proposal regarding swags</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to contact alyssat regarding lightning talks for student projects at Jenkins World</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> alyssat <ol>
    <li>oleg_nenashev to contact alyssat regarding lightning talks for student projects at Jenkins World</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>kohsuke to push 1.561.2</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>oleg_nenashev to finish the blog post ASAP</li>
    <li>oleg_nenashev to contact mentors and schedule new office hours to the next week</li>
    <li>oleg_nenashev to schedule office hours with students before the hacking period starts (next week)</li>
    <li>oleg_nenashev to make a proposal regarding swags</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (87)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (27)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (24)</li>
  <li>alyssat (18)</li>
  <li>ogondza (4)</li>
  <li>batmat (3)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>orrc (2)</li>
  <li>Arsyed04 (1)</li>
  <li>KostyaSha (1)</li>
  <li>teilo (1)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (0)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
