<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 19:00:18 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting's actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-5'>rtyler</a>, 19:00:40)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">last meeting actions
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-02-03-19.00.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-11'>rtyler</a>,
    19:02:43)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-26'>rtyler</a>, 19:05:22)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">we're post-poning release by one week</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-32'>rtyler</a>,
    19:06:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">new LTS date is planned for 2016-02-24</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-41'>rtyler</a>,
    19:07:25)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-32985</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-45'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:07:50)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    post 1.642.2 RC2</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-53'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:09:52)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza to
    push the rc</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-57'>ogondza</a>,
    19:10:20)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Jenkins Certification updaet and trademark approval request</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-62'>rtyler</a>, 19:11:53)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Jenkins+Certification</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-63'>rtyler</a>,
    19:11:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Certification Advisory Board details:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Jenkins+Certification#JenkinsCertification-AdvisoryBoard</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-69'>rtyler</a>,
    19:15:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the two derivative marks CloudBees is seeking
    to use are: "Jenkins Certification" to refer to the Jenkins open
    source related certification program, and "Certified Jenkins
    Engineer" to be used to reference practitioners who successfully
    complete the open-source related exam</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-96'>rtyler</a>,
    19:27:21)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Document#GovernanceDocument-Trademark</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-97'>rtyler</a>,
    19:28:29)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to put
    more clear definition into the size and scope of the certification
    advisory board</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-172'>rtyler</a>,
    19:50:02)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to add
    more tangible benefits for the Jenkins project to the certification
    page</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-173'>rtyler</a>,
    19:50:27)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    harass kohsuke on what kind of revenue or other benefits we can
    bring back into the Jenkins project from certification</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-177'>rtyler</a>,
    19:51:55)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">New team lead positions: Events and Release</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-206'>rtyler</a>, 19:58:25)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Proposal+-+Project+sub-teams</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-207'>rtyler</a>,
    19:58:34)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Team+Leads</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-208'>rtyler</a>,
    19:58:38)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    send call for candidates out for Events team lead</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-226'>rtyler</a>,
    20:02:45)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Team+Leads#TeamLeads-Release</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-229'>rtyler</a>,
    20:03:11)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Google Summer of Code 2016 application process</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-260'>rtyler</a>, 20:07:45)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/vTxsCLk1XS0</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-261'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    20:07:55)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dv9UXyT_FPukJXrBYauIKvxrZeEU6BT7v90LSQX36MU/edit#</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-262'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    20:08:04)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Google+Summer+Of+Code+2016</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-264'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    20:08:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the project application deadline is this friday
    (Feb 19th)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-265'>rtyler</a>,
    20:08:24)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">clarify that plugins available through the update center are required to have their source code canonical repository hosted under the Jenkinsci GitHub organization</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-288'>rtyler</a>, 20:11:58)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">"The Jenkins project does not host
    closed-source plugins"
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Hosting+Plugins</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-355'>batmat</a>,
    20:25:01)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">batmat and
    abayer to try to extract a coherent proposal based on today's IRC
    discussions and prior mailing list thread comments</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-394'>rtyler</a>,
    20:30:02)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-405'>rtyler</a>, 20:31:20)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">next meeting is March 2nd, same time</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html#l-414'>kohsuke</a>,
    20:32:57)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:33:02 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>kohsuke to post 1.642.2 RC2</li>
  <li>ogondza to push the rc</li>
  <li>rtyler to put more clear definition into the size and scope of the certification advisory board</li>
  <li>rtyler to add more tangible benefits for the Jenkins project to the certification page</li>
  <li>rtyler to harass kohsuke on what kind of revenue or other benefits we can bring back into the Jenkins project from certification</li>
  <li>rtyler to send call for candidates out for Events team lead</li>
  <li>batmat and abayer to try to extract a coherent proposal based on today's IRC discussions and prior mailing list thread comments</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> abayer <ol>
    <li>batmat and abayer to try to extract a coherent proposal based on today's IRC discussions and prior mailing list thread comments</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> batmat <ol>
    <li>batmat and abayer to try to extract a coherent proposal based on today's IRC discussions and prior mailing list thread comments</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>kohsuke to post 1.642.2 RC2</li>
    <li>rtyler to harass kohsuke on what kind of revenue or other benefits we can bring back into the Jenkins project from certification</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>ogondza to push the rc</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to put more clear definition into the size and scope of the certification advisory board</li>
    <li>rtyler to add more tangible benefits for the Jenkins project to the certification page</li>
    <li>rtyler to harass kohsuke on what kind of revenue or other benefits we can bring back into the Jenkins project from certification</li>
    <li>rtyler to send call for candidates out for Events team lead</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (148)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (44)</li>
  <li>batmat (43)</li>
  <li>KostyaSha (39)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (36)</li>
  <li>orrc (29)</li>
  <li>autojack (22)</li>
  <li>abayer (15)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (13)</li>
  <li>ogondza (9)</li>
  <li>alyssat (6)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (5)</li>
  <li>heidig__ (3)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>jglick (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
