<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:00:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:00:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chairs </span><span class="cmdline">danielbeck kohsuke hare_brain rtyler</span>
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:00:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> every freaking tmie
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:00:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">danielbeck kohsuke hare_brain rtyler</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:00:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Current chairs: danielbeck hare_brain kohsuke rtyler
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:00:46 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">sighs</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:00:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Recap last meeting action items</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:01:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> you pushed an RC right?
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:01:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> then you have some items around GSoC
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:01:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-05-25-18.01.html</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:01:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> yep, rc pushed
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:01:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> \o/
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:02:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> I'm there
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> But my items are in progress. I'll make the full update later
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:02:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> okie doke
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:02:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> moving on
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:02:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">LTS status check</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> floor is yours
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:03:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> no problems found with the rc
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I am fine releasing it as it is
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:03:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> this is the last LTS in this line right/
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:04:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> there ware request to backport windows filed deletion fix that I am not so confident about
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:04:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> link?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:04:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> right, I would like to pick next today
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:04:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-15331
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:05:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jglick:</span> i missed https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-34281. is it applicable for current line?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:05:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> now I see affects older version that, 2.0
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:06:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">ogondza to report testing is done and ping kk to do the release</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:06:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> yes; but anyway I have found a related bug which remains open, and I have also found a workaround for the symptom of this bug affecting Pipeline
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:06:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> (Affects freestyle builds too, but the symptom is less obvious.)
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:07:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> ok, thanks. i am done (for this AI)
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:07:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> alright, moving to the next item
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:07:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next LTS baseline selection</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:07:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> https://jenkins.io/changelog/
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:07:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://jenkins.io/changelog/ for changelogs and community ratings</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:07:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> no frownies on 2.7
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:08:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> but the fix for https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-35206 in 2.8 looks like it would be missed, wouldn't it?
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:08:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> backportable probably
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:08:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> 2.8 looks too recent
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:08:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 2.7 is a big bugfix
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:08:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> 2.6 or 2.7, and the latter is mostly fixes
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:08:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> so 2.7 is better than 2.8
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:09:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm in favor of 2.7
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:09:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> not a lot of compelling feature additions in 2.8 either
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:10:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I think about Slave listener
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:10:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Agree with 2.7. Still rather more recent than I'd like, but it seems to mostly be fixes we'd like to backport anyway if we chose 2.6.
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:10:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It may be useful
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:10:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> not a criterion for LTS
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:10:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> we want stable over shiny
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:11:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> the Groovy change is in 2.7
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:11:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> that's the big reason IMHO to base LTS off it
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:11:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> would be backported anyway I'd hope
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:11:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> we need to bump to 2.4.7 in any case
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:12:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> so Groovy is not a criteria
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:12:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> how can 2.6 have such a good score with the blocker bug - JENKINS-35206?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:12:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I'm -1 on having an internal release in LTS
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:12:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> is 2.4.7 properly released?
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:12:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> It appears for several update cases only
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:13:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> AFAIK yes
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:13:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/2399
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:13:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> well, we have some time before the LTS would be released anyways, so that change could be backported if ogondza is okay with it
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:13:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> what's important to me is that the bug isn't present in the first 2.x-based LTS
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:14:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> +1 on using released groovy
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:14:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> JENKINS-35206 has been caused by Install Wizard extensibility in 2.6
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:15:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It didn't count loading of configs from the disk, but it's fixed in 2.8
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:15:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I am fine with 2.7
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:15:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> got somebody to nominate to make sure daspilker's PR gets backported? :D
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:15:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> 2.7 + JENKINS-35206 backport + Groovy 2.4.7 basically?
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:16:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> +1
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:16:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:16:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> (+whatever else pops up, but those seem to be the big ones)
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:16:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> does that work for you?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:16:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I would backport all 2.8 fixes
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:16:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We still have 2 weeks for soaking before LTS]
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:17:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> fine with me
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:17:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">next LTS baseline 2.7 + JENKINS-35206 backport + Groovy 2.4.7</span>
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:17:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> JENKINS-34881 is critical for several cases for example
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:17:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> I trust you and oleg-nenashev can figure out what additional backports are necessary separate from this meeting?
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:17:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler +1
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:17:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yep, we can
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:18:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> wunderbar
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:18:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> That's why we have email thread
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:18:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC Status Check</span>
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> the floor is yours
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:18:35 </span><span class="nka">* oleg-nenashev</span> <span class="ac">starts typing</span>
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:18:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 1) Student projects are in progress. Code is being pushed to repos.
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:18:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Any Jenkins community member is invited to participate in discussions/reviews
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:18:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Jenkins Core Web UI improvements: https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/2388</span>
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:18:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Support Core Plugin improvements: https://github.com/jenkinsci/support-core-plugin/pull/64</span>
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:18:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">External Workspace Manager: https://github.com/jenkinsci/external-workspace-manager-plugin</span>
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:18:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Jenkins usage stats: https://github.com/Payal94/GSoC-Jenkins-Usage-Statistics-Analysis</span>
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:18:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Plugin documentation publishing:</span>
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:18:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 2) We are going to announce mid-term evaluation plan on this week
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:18:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 3) No other news, oleg-nenashev still has several hanging TODOs
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:18:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 4) rtyler can make a brief update about infra requirements for GSoC projects, there is a related item in the agenda for this meeting
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:18:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> agree with Oleg. To make sure nothing gets lost add it to the email or/and lts-candidate it
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> holy crap oleg-nenashev
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:18:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> it's called copying &amp; pasting
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:18:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:19:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> damn, you are fast
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:19:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> otherwise I would forget something
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:19:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> let's all take a moment to read the rapid-fire text from oleg-nenashev xD
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:19:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev That last #-info is incomplete
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:19:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">canyango1:</span> Could you add the link?
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:20:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;canyango1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> yes sure
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:21:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> My hanging AIs: 1) send abstracts to alyssat.  2) Publish a blogpost
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:21:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;canyango1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Plugin documentation publishing:https://github.com/anyangocynthia/GSOC-automatic-publisher</span>
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:22:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> anything else we should cover before moving on?
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:22:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">canyango1:</span> Thanks!
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:22:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> Infra requirements for GSoC?
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:22:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> If there is nothing from students, I'm fine
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:23:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The next public office hours will be held tomorrow as usual</span>
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">7PM UTC, likely in #jenkins-community</span>
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:23:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We have network issues
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:23:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">the GSoC Office Hours are in the public Jenkins calendar https://jenkins.io/content/event-calendar/</span>
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:24:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;minudika&gt;</span> So it will not be a google hangout?
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:24:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Let's start in hangouts. If it does not work, we will switch to IRC
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:24:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;canyango1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> That is ok
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:24:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> you need to upgrade to bonded ISDN or whatever the state of the art in switzerland is these days xD
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:25:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> My network is fine
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:25:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Q3 patron messages</span>
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:25:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> But canyango1 and payal had issues last time
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:25:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> ah
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:25:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/12 is the current state of Q3 messages
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:25:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> you're up kumpel
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:26:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> XebiaLabs are back with a new message
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:26:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/12 is the current state of Q3 messages</span>
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:26:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> linked from the PR message (it's a lengthy URL so I'd rather not #info it here…)
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:26:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> http://jenkinsci.github.io/patron/tester.html?caption=Evolve+your+Jenkins+pipeline+to+CD+with+XebiaLabs&amp;link=https%3A%2F%2Fxebialabs.com%2Fproducts%2F&amp;blurb=Release+Orchestration+%7C+Deployment+Automation+%7C+Test+Results+Management+Automate+your+Enterpise+Continuous+Delivery+pipeline+with+XebiaLabs&amp;logo=http%3A%2F%2Fgo.xebialabs.com%2Frs%2F404-ZJQ-295%2Fimages%2FXebiaLabs78x78.png
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:26:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> these looks fine to me
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:26:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:27:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> lgtm
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:27:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:27:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> We'll probably fix their typo in Enterpise before going live, but otherwise :)
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:28:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Haven't heard from other patrons yet, but I'm assuming they keep their approved messages
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> anyone opposed to the Xebialabs message, or can we record approval?
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:28:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> there's a change in CloudBees' ad
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:29:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> i don't have the content sent to  you me at the moment. but the ad will be on Jenkins World
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:29:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> alyssat We already have a Jenkins World message -- still different?
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:29:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> alyssat https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/12/files#diff-b2f8cad336649b880770ccf8bf14169cR358
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:29:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> remember, CloudBees has two
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:29:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> certification + JW
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:30:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> yes. it may be specific to the agenda being live..not sure yet
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:30:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ah okay -- next meeting then
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:30:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> but if we're too late for approval here we can keep it as is
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:30:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Well, if you don't have the message, we cannot really approve…
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:30:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> let's move on :o)
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:31:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> ?
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:31:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">XebiaLabs message is approved</span>
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:31:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler that's it for this topic
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:31:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> no actions for next time?
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:32:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">danielbeck to prepare new CB patron messages for approval</span>
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:32:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Licensing and unrestricted access of Usage Statistics</span>
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:32:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Usage+Statistics</span>
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:32:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">I sent a proposal to the infra list already to sanity check: http://lists.jenkins-ci.org/pipermail/jenkins-infra/2016-June/000742.html</span>
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:33:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> basically, we have this monthly census data which goes up on stats.jenkins-ci.org and we have given people access to it in  the past when they have asked for it
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:33:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> +1 for me for the proposal
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:33:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> it has become clear to me that our "access control" didn't make any sense
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:33:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> so I would like to license the census data under the Open Database License 1.0 and allow public access on census.jenkins.io
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:34:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Open Database License http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1.0/</span>
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:34:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Yeah, open data for open project!
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:34:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:34:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> batmat couldn't join us but he registered a +1 here http://lists.jenkins-ci.org/pipermail/jenkins-infra/2016-June/000752.html
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:35:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> in the thread vpandey, abayer and kohsuke all appear in favor as well
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:36:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> As long as rtyler is writing the next privacy advisory when we mess up, especially in the face of https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/1985
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:36:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> IIRC I helped write the last one :P
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:36:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> but yes, I agree with your underlying point, we need to be more proactive about usage stats
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:37:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> and ensuring the data's integrity
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:37:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> with PR 1985 we have zero control about the data collected by plugins
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:37:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> right now it's a medium issue concern, as we only publish reports
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:37:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> in the future, we publish all the raw data again
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:38:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the "raw data" i.e. immediately post-decryption is not what I am suggesting we license here
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:38:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> stop encrypting?
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:38:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> If we put data in a structured form (e.g. Elasticsearch), we could setup per-field filtering and moderation. But it will require some efforts
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:38:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> And it's going to be _us_ who publish everyone's credentials store contents if a weird plugin starts collecting that.
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:38:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KostyaSha&gt;</span> you can't place raw in elastic without denormalisation
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:39:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> I think I need to dig into these PRs separately from this discussion, if these are going to enable plugins to send a boatload of data to jenkins infra, I will likely have a problem with that :)
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:39:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler right now, possibly sensitive data is all filtered, but additions by plugins will not be.
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:39:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> not to mention, the manner in which usage stats are encrypted and sent has a size limit
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:40:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> right, that's a requirement that should be addressed regardless
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:40:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> we shouldn't pretend that census data has been strictly access controlled
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:41:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> it is now.
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:41:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> so privacy concerns about batmat's PRs should be addressed regardless of this topic
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:41:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> hah
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:41:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> well it is now largely because we shut off the data pipe
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:41:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> "no access" is one form of access control I suppose :P
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:42:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I see this topic and batmat's PR as linked -- we cannot reasonably implement the PR while at the same time providing access to monthly files again
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:42:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> IMO
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:42:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> then I would rather put the burden on that PR/feature
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:42:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> at least open (as proposed) or mostly open (as in the past) access
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:42:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> we have one GSoC student whose work relies on this data, in addition to a few other folks who do various tinkerings with it
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:43:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> And I have no problem handing the data to someone who's working on something benefiting the project on a case by case basis.
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:44:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> well as of now we have no licensing of the data to begin with
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:44:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> so the "benefitting the project" is a total pipe dream to me
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:44:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> that also puts "us" in the position of judging whether somebody's work is beneficial to the project
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:45:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> and we would need a means of objectively determining that
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:45:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> In Payal's case, we proposed the GSoC project. So it's very clear cut here.
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:45:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I mean, go ahead if you like, but it will basically kill the PR.
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:46:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I don't see how it wouldn't.
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:47:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> move to the ML? we need batmat's opinion at least
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:47:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I might try to kill that PR once somebody informs me of the infra impact anyways :P
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:47:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> To clarify, I'm not -1 here, but we need to be aware of the side effects.
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:48:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> hm
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:48:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> how about this, I'm going to punt this to the next meeting
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:48:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> and I'll figure out a lot more with batmat when he's back online
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:49:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I agree with your concerns about side-effects, and without batmat here to discuss, I don't think this is urgent enough to push on right now
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:49:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> +1, and sorry for derailing this without notice
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:49:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> it's not like you're on the infra list or anything :P
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:49:29 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">ducks</span>
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:49:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">rtyler to sync with batmat to identify side effects for https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/1985 with this proposal</span>
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:49:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">next meeting</span>
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:50:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> The 22nd doesn't look problematic
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:51:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> that works
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:51:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> any EU holidays I might not know about?
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:51:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> not here
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:51:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Next meeting June 22nd</span>
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:51:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> thanks everyboyd!
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:51:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
