<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:06 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">agenda
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-June22meeting</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-8'>rtyler</a>,
    18:00:48)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">last meeting actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-9'>rtyler</a>, 18:00:53)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-18'>rtyler</a>, 18:02:29)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">JENKINS-35641 and JENKINS-34923 were not
    backported according to oliver, he wishes for them to have more
    soak-time</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-21'>rtyler</a>,
    18:03:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">at ogondza's next available time, he intends to
    cut the first new LTS RC</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-22'>rtyler</a>,
    18:03:27)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-27'>rtyler</a>, 18:04:33)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Tomorrow we have mid-term presentations by
    students:
    https://jenkins.io/blog/2016/06/21/gsoc-midterm-presentations-ann/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-29'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:04:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">: 4 projects will be presented. We have 2
    meetings on June 23 and June 24</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-30'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:05:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Mid-term evaluation deadline is June 27. And
    yes, we are looking for more participants from the developer
    community</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-34'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:06:43)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Security officer update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-44'>rtyler</a>, 18:08:41)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Events officer update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-46'>rtyler</a>, 18:09:15)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Jenkins World Agenda:
    https://www.cloudbees.com/juc/agenda</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-49'>alyssat</a>,
    18:09:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">There will be a Contributor Summit at Jenkins
    World on tuesday the 13th</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-69'>rtyler</a>,
    18:15:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">:
    oleg-nenashev to follow-up on SECR in the mailing list</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-76'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:16:11)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Release officer update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-92'>rtyler</a>, 18:18:51)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Infra status update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-94'>rtyler</a>, 18:19:02)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">JIRA has been upgraded to JIRA7</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-98'>rtyler</a>,
    18:19:31)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://github.com/jenkinsci/lib-jira-api</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-116'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:21:34)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://github.com/jenkins-infra/ircbot/pull/29</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-118'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:21:48)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://github.com/jenkinsci/lib-jira-scraper</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-127'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:22:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">we have Azure</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-133'>rtyler</a>,
    18:23:49)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Azure+Migration+Project+Plan</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-140'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:24:43)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Licensing and unrestricted access of Usage Statistics (aka "census data")</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-170'>rtyler</a>, 18:31:30)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://lists.jenkins-ci.org/pipermail/jenkins-infra/2016-June/000770.html
    and the thread preceding it</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-174'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:32:50)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-26466">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-26466</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-178'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:33:34)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Approval of new Q3 patron messages</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-269'>rtyler</a>, 18:59:53)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/12#issuecomment-227803082</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-273'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:00:18)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/12/commits/876d31c50f186082ad41210bee55e8ecdd45d8b1">https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/12/commits/876d31c50f186082ad41210bee55e8ecdd45d8b1</a>
    and
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/12/commits/5ac2ffb196892dcac8c8d884c42df00e15e66fc1
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-276'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:00:56)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Patron
    message changes are approved</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-286'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:04:23)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-289'>rtyler</a>, 19:04:34)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">July 6 next meeting</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html#l-295'>rtyler</a>,
    19:05:09)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:05:11 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>: oleg-nenashev to follow-up on SECR in the mailing list</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> oleg-nenashev <ol>
    <li>: oleg-nenashev to follow-up on SECR in the mailing list</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (137)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (43)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (41)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (29)</li>
  <li>batmat (25)</li>
  <li>alyssat (18)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
