<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:00:22 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-3'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:00:31)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">actions from the last week</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-4'>kohsuke</a>, 18:00:40)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-13'>kohsuke</a>, 18:02:50)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Board+Candidacy+Process">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Board+Candidacy+Process</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-23'>rtyler</a>,
    18:04:48)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-28289">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-28289</a>
    https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-26580 <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-29'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:06:39)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza to
    revert JENKINS-28289 fix and announce backporting ready</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-39'>ogondza</a>,
    18:10:46)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">2.0 status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-59'>kohsuke</a>, 18:14:29)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">outstanding 2.0 tickets
    https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=81</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-78'>rtyler</a>,
    18:17:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2.0 status check call on Hangout is on Monday
    and it's open to public</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-85'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:18:12)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/f4iUVX7w_PE</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-88'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:19:20)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Check status for action 3d - JetBrains licenses</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-103'>kohsuke</a>, 18:22:00)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">What I do know for certain is that JetBrains
    has changed the terms of OSS IntelliJ license and people working for
    a company that provides commercial solution is disqualified.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-117'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:23:55)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://www.jetbrains.com/buy/opensource/?product=idea
    for the actual terms</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-126'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:25:54)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    work with batmat to figure out an intellij license owner for the
    project</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-135'>rtyler</a>,
    18:26:35)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Google Summer Of Code 2016 update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-139'>kohsuke</a>, 18:27:19)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/f4iUVX7w_PE</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-140'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:27:26)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/bmLARYolMig</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-149'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:28:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">we are good with student proposals</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-157'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:29:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">we need mentors for WebUI, Fingerprints,
    Docker</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-160'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:30:13)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">orgs to
    follow-up with autojack</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-171'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:31:48)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">release officer announcement</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-174'>kohsuke</a>, 18:32:00)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">ogondza is the new Jenkins release
    officer</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-180'>rtyler</a>,
    18:32:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">responsibilities listed here
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Team+Leads#TeamLeads-Release</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-185'>rtyler</a>,
    18:32:47)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    email release officer announcement to the mailing list</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-194'>rtyler</a>,
    18:33:42)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to finally RTFM on the process</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-198'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:34:27)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Team+Leads</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-200'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:34:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">process doc is
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Proposal+-+Project+sub-teams</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-203'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:35:09)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Major infrastructure opportunity</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-207'>kohsuke</a>, 18:35:38)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">rtyler and the board are working on finalizing
    a deal with Microsoft for running the Jenkins infra on Azure</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-280'>rtyler</a>,
    18:52:12)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Update to CD Summit &amp; Jenkins Days wiki page</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-283'>kohsuke</a>, 18:52:32)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Proposal+-+Revisiting+JUC+in+2016</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-284'>alyssat</a>,
    18:52:37)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">the name
    usage in "CD summit &amp; Jenkins Days" is approved with a concern
    that CB speakers are disproportionately high.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-362'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:12:36)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Advance notice: Privacy affecting bug, 1.642.4 release</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-376'>danielbeck</a>, 19:13:52)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-386'>kohsuke</a>, 19:16:26)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">next meeting is April 13th</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html#l-388'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:16:47)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:16:52 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>ogondza to revert JENKINS-28289 fix and announce backporting ready</li>
  <li>rtyler to work with batmat to figure out an intellij license owner for the project</li>
  <li>orgs to follow-up with autojack</li>
  <li>rtyler to email release officer announcement to the mailing list</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to finally RTFM on the process</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> autojack <ol>
    <li>orgs to follow-up with autojack</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> batmat <ol>
    <li>rtyler to work with batmat to figure out an intellij license owner for the project</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>ogondza to revert JENKINS-28289 fix and announce backporting ready</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to work with batmat to figure out an intellij license owner for the project</li>
    <li>rtyler to email release officer announcement to the mailing list</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (99)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (86)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (59)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (47)</li>
  <li>alyssat (24)</li>
  <li>orrc (20)</li>
  <li>batmat (15)</li>
  <li>ogondza (9)</li>
  <li>autojack (9)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (7)</li>
  <li>abayer (6)</li>
  <li>jglick (4)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>teilo (2)</li>
  <li>bbenz_ (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
