<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by danielbeck at 19:01:28 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting's actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-5'>danielbeck</a>, 19:02:08)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2015/jenkins-meeting.2015-12-09-19.01.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-6'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:02:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Governance document
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Document</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-10'>rtyler</a>,
    19:03:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Board election process
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-12'>rtyler</a>,
    19:03:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Code of Conduct
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Code+of+Conduct</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-14'>rtyler</a>,
    19:04:30)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check - discuss baseline change</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-22'>danielbeck</a>, 19:05:46)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/K06ny0sozWM</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-23'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:05:55)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com/job/core/job/acceptance-test-harness-stable-1.642/1/console">https://jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com/job/core/job/acceptance-test-harness-stable-1.642/1/console</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-30'>ogondza</a>,
    19:07:38)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/tree/stable-1.636">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/tree/stable-1.636</a>
    but not found for 1.642? <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-31'>batmat</a>,
    19:07:38)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com/job/core/job/acceptance-test-harness-stable/549/console">https://jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com/job/core/job/acceptance-test-harness-stable/549/console</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-32'>ogondza</a>,
    19:07:42)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-1.642...jenkinsci:jenkins-1.643">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-1.642...jenkinsci:jenkins-1.643</a>
    FWIW <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-56'>batmat</a>,
    19:16:04)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">let's move
    the LTS baseline to 1.642</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-73'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:21:19)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza to
    prepare the branch and inform KK that we need an RC</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-74'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:21:43)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Q1 Patron messages approval</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-79'>danielbeck</a>, 19:22:56)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/8</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-80'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:23:02)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Patron+of+Jenkins+program
    "Format of the patron message" paragraph 2 is the guidelines</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-103'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:28:15)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Q1 patron
    messages are approved, JFrog needs to have 'Only' removed from
    title</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-115'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:30:54)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Review/adopt a Code of Conduct</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-120'>danielbeck</a>, 19:31:42)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Q1 Patron messages approval</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-123'>danielbeck</a>, 19:31:54)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Review/adopt a Code of Conduct</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-143'>danielbeck</a>, 19:34:12)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Code of Conduct document here
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Code+of+Conduct</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-144'>rtyler</a>,
    19:34:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the only differences to the document from last
    meeting
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/pages/diffpagesbyversion.action?pageId=84705386&amp;selectedPageVersions=15&amp;selectedPageVersions=13</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-145'>rtyler</a>,
    19:34:26)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">the current
    version (v15) of the Code of Conduct document is approved</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-186'>rtyler</a>,
    19:43:55)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    work to duplicate the CoC under jenkins-ci.org/conduct similar to
    golang.org/conduct</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-188'>rtyler</a>,
    19:44:32)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Discuss requiring pull requests for all non-release-process changes to core/master</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-198'>danielbeck</a>, 19:46:26)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Review/adopt a Code of Conduct</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-203'>danielbeck</a>, 19:47:42)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">for the current topic:
    https://groups.google.com/d/topic/jenkinsci-dev/d64UIypbzh0/discussion</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-208'>orrc</a>,
    19:49:19)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Discuss requiring pull requests for all non-release-process changes to core/master</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-210'>danielbeck</a>, 19:49:43)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/d/topic/jenkinsci-dev/d64UIypbzh0/discussion</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-211'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:49:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">GitHub allows enforcing this via a concept
    called Protected Branches
    https://help.github.com/articles/defining-the-mergeability-of-pull-requests/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-220'>rtyler</a>,
    19:51:28)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://help.github.com/articles/about-protected-branches/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-256'>danielbeck</a>,
    19:58:25)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://help.github.com/articles/about-protected-branches/">https://help.github.com/articles/about-protected-branches/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-278'>teilo</a>,
    20:01:09)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">orrc to draft
    a proposal on the PR requirement</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-321'>danielbeck</a>,
    20:06:58)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Spam problems on wiki and possible solutions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-325'>rtyler</a>, 20:07:15)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">rtyler formally recognizes larrys for his valor
    in the Great Spam Wars</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-335'>rtyler</a>,
    20:08:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">confluence upgrade is tracked
    https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-325</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-342'>rtyler</a>,
    20:09:28)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">account app
    to restricting signup to one email == one account</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-375'>rtyler</a>,
    20:13:35)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html#l-381'>danielbeck</a>, 20:14:36)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:15:13 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>ogondza to prepare the branch and inform KK that we need an RC</li>
  <li>rtyler to work to duplicate the CoC under jenkins-ci.org/conduct similar to golang.org/conduct</li>
  <li>orrc to draft a proposal on the PR requirement</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>ogondza to prepare the branch and inform KK that we need an RC</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> orrc <ol>
    <li>orrc to draft a proposal on the PR requirement</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to work to duplicate the CoC under jenkins-ci.org/conduct similar to golang.org/conduct</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (96)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (96)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (33)</li>
  <li>KostyaSha (31)</li>
  <li>teilo (31)</li>
  <li>orrc (29)</li>
  <li>batmat (22)</li>
  <li>ogondza (17)</li>
  <li>larrys (17)</li>
  <li>jglick (5)</li>
  <li>alyssat (4)</li>
  <li>abayer (4)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
