<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:01:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:01:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> agenda for today: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-Dec21meeting
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:01:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Recap last meeting's actions</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:01:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">rtyler kohsuke</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:01:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Current chairs: danielbeck kohsuke rtyler
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:02:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> hola
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:02:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> from last time we have postponing .2 RC, which I think we let everyone know
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:02:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> and batmat determined that teilo's concerns about JDK8 weren't a JDK8 specific issue
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:02:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> hola, will be mostly afk, but updated the JDK8 bullet point if possible.
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:03:16 </span><span class="nka">* batmat</span> <span class="ac">goes back with children</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:03:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">LTS status check</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ogondza around?
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:03:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:04:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I have done the testing and have not heard about a reason not to push the 2.32.1 tonight
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:04:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> great
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:04:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> well, that was quick :)
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:04:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">FOSDEM 2017 Plans</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:04:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/FOSDEM+2017</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:04:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> alyssat around?
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:04:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> yup. am here
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:04:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info: </span><span class="cmdline">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:05:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> sorry wrong link
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:05:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/FOSDEM+2017
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:05:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> We are planning for Fosdem, it will be similar to this year's Fosdem. Wanted to see if there are suggestions for what other things we can do at the stand i.e demos, etc
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:05:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> current planning has been documented in the wiki page
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:06:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I'm late
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:06:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm working with somebody at cloudbees to create a little pipeline syntax quick reference card we can use at the table
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:06:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> use/handout that is
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:07:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> yup. i think i've updated that in the wiki page...but i had Patrick's name on it.
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:07:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> will update to include rtyler
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:08:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> any suggestions for demos to use to share w/ attendees?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:08:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alyssat:</span> I'd rather say: if you want to create demos to share with attendees to work with you
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:09:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> ideas are cheap
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:09:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> actual useful demos are the real work there :P
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:09:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> ok..so talk is cheap...we want action..gotcha
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:09:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:09:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> we have ci.jenkins.io and the blueocean dogfood server which are always on and available for pointing to
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:11:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I can show LibreCores CI if anybody of hardware guys appears at the stand (Pipeline + BO + ara-specific stuff)
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:11:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> *area
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:11:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> thnx oleg
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:12:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It needs internet access on the other hand :(
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:12:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> FOSDEM has internet access!
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:13:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alyssat:</span> I don't think you're going to get much more demo volunteers in this meeting :)
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:13:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> i'll send out an email to fosdem + events mailing lists as well in case we have other volunteers/suggestions.
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:13:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> what else ya got?
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:13:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> yeah i don't think so either.
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:13:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> besides demos i'm open for suggestions on what others suggest
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:14:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> if there isn't any other suggestions I think we are good.
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:14:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alyssat:</span> where should people who wish to help make FOSDEM happen get involved?
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:15:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> at the table stand on feb 4 @ 9am
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:15:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> uh
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:15:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> how about before then? :P
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:15:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> I think we are in the K building
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:15:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I meant people to help /you/ :)
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:16:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> i'll update the wiki page once I have more info about that
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:16:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> :P
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:16:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> right now it's TBD
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:17:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">join the #jenins-community channel to discuss more FOSDEM planning or events@lists.jenkins-ci.org</span>
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:17:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat&gt;</span> i'm good if there's no other questions
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:17:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Infra update</span>
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:17:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I just wanted t ogive a brief update on where our infra migration to Azure is
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:17:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> CloudBees received hired olblak who has been helping me with the work
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:18:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> we're using the infra@lists.jenkins-ci.org mailing list and creating Intra Enhancement Proposal documents to capture our plans/designs
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:18:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> https://github.com/jenkins-infra/iep
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:18:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> as per usual, more help is always welcome :)
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:19:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> any general or specific infra team questions before I move on?
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:19:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> not from here
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:20:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">JDK8 baseline upgrade followup</span>
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:20:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/fo5nKLhZK5U/IRJdMeS6CgAJ
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:20:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> timeline proposed by ogondza ^
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:20:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/fo5nKLhZK5U/uh3IK_fzEAAJ
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:20:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> timeline around windows issues/fixes ^
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:20:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> since batmat is here, I'm not sure what the goal of this agenda item is :/
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:20:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> ftr, I do not plan to fix the windows issues mentioned :p
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:21:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:21:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> Slide-o-Mix has been working to get jenkins core to run its builds and tests on Windows as well as Linux
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:21:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> aside from that, I'm not sure what there is to discuss in this meeting slot
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:22:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> Goal is to agree/decide on this, and start the plan rtyler
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:22:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I more or less agree with what batmat suggested. Perhaps I would be more comfortable to have the build passing on windows _before_ announcing the drop
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:22:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> I can create the blog entry PR
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> OH HEY IT'S BATMAT
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:22:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> (not hurry to fix it to meet the schedule)
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:23:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm in favor of batmat's proposal
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:23:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> well, there should not be a real hurry after slide analysis
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:23:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Where is the "proposed timeline by ogondza" ?
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:23:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm also in favor of batmat fixing the windows issue xD
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:23:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> like there"s one actual one to fix
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:23:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> I can do it
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:23:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> FYI I'm going to drop the .NET2 and 3.5 support in WinSW within maybe 1 year
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:24:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> oh never mind now the link worked
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:25:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> From 6-&gt;7 we had some time period during which new class file shipped but we held off using new language features
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:25:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> This thread has been going on since September or IIRC, so though there's no hurry, maybe now we have an agreement that at least we can announce it so users can act upon it
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:25:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> and we can just delay more the time of the weekly upgrade
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:25:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Am I right that the new plan doesn't have that phase?
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:25:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> keeping the announce asap, so that users have time
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:25:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">batmat:</span> considering the timing of the holidays, if you write a blog post today I wouldn't suggest publishing it until jan 4-5th at the earliest
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:26:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> that gives us time to make windows builds pass I hope
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:26:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> agreed
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:26:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> agreed too
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:26:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> gtg
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:27:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> it doesn't seem like there have been any concrete objections, so I suggest we keep plotting away at this work and continue the discussion on jenkinsci-dev
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:27:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> what was the point for staying away of new api? backportability/revertability?
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:27:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> hence the pt here is just to move on, or not. Since yes, there seems to me we have an agreement there now.
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:28:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Revertability; if we get a surprising reaction from users, that would allow us to backpedal
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:29:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> do you think it is a concern if we announce it in advance?
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:29:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> per batmat's and others' points, JDK7 is dead
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:29:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> :P
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:29:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;batmat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> or we should then at some point introduce an Apache like voting concept on the dev ml if you want decisions be assessable there
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:30:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I don't think we should prematurely optimize for a negative reaction when literally nothing has been communicated to the broader user base baout our intentions
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:30:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> No. With 6-&gt;7, it was announcement, then class file change, then using new APIs
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:30:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">batmat:</span> that's a yak shave for another time please
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:31:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> All right, I guess I will not rock the boat given the effort that went into driving this consensus
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:33:04 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">waits for any other comments/discussion</span>
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:34:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> okie doke; seems like we're fine to continue moving forward for now with the tentative timeline that ogondza put forward which batmat is helping to drive
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:34:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> subject to crazy shenanigans with windows cropping up of course :)
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:34:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> but I think we'll have to wait and see how much stuff is minorly problematic versus very broken once Slide's Jenkinsfile changes merge
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:35:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:35:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the calendar says two weeks would be january 4th
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:35:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Happy new year
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:35:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> that seems reasonable to me, probably sparsely attended because of all those vacations though :)
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:36:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">next meeting january 4th, same time, same place, new year</span>
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:36:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
