<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:10 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Last meeting's actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-5'>rtyler</a>, 18:00:24)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-12'>rtyler</a>, 18:02:32)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-960">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-960</a>
    is relevant to your interests then <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-21'>rtyler</a>,
    18:04:28)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza will
    push 2.32.3 RC tomorrow morning</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-27'>ogondza</a>,
    18:06:19)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">in two weeks we'll select the next LTS
    baseline</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-30'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:06:58)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC Update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-35'>rtyler</a>, 18:07:56)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">the GSoC 2017 application has been
    submitted</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-40'>rtyler</a>,
    18:09:28)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://jenkins.io/projects/gsoc">https://jenkins.io/projects/gsoc</a>
    for more details <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-41'>rtyler</a>,
    18:09:36)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Infrastructure update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-62'>rtyler</a>, 18:15:14)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Every monday we're having an infra hangout on
    https://jenkins.io/hangout at 20:00 UTC</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-65'>rtyler</a>,
    18:15:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rtyler will be pushing for better collaboration
    between core development changes and infrastructure changes where
    they are dependent</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-93'>rtyler</a>,
    18:22:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">as per usual, interested parties are
    recommended to join #jenkins-infra and
    infra@lists.jenkins-ci.org</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-99'>rtyler</a>,
    18:25:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the wiki is perpetually on fire</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-103'>rtyler</a>,
    18:26:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">danielbeck and rtyler have started doing some
    initial research into what systems depend on the wiki so we can
    reduce the wiki load and get it upgraded sooner rather than
    later</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-107'>rtyler</a>,
    18:27:15)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Should we host plugins with closed-source dependencies?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-127'>rtyler</a>, 18:33:54)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/HOSTING-271">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/HOSTING-271</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-134'>rtyler</a>,
    18:35:39)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://jenkins.io/project/governance/#license">https://jenkins.io/project/governance/#license</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-136'>rtyler</a>,
    18:36:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">"But no such plugins will be hosted by the
    Jenkins project."</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-138'>rtyler</a>,
    18:36:49)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler and
    danielbeck to investigate whether we can ensure OSI-licensed code is
    being distributed "all the way down" for plugins to comply with
    governance document guidelines around proprietary code in
    plugins</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-181'>rtyler</a>,
    18:47:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">to summarize, bits being packaged into an .hpi
    should be OSI-licensed (Open Source) to be published through the
    official Jenkins Update Center</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-187'>rtyler</a>,
    18:49:03)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-192'>rtyler</a>, 18:49:48)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Next meeting March 1st, 2017</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html#l-194'>rtyler</a>,
    18:50:26)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:50:31 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>ogondza will push 2.32.3 RC tomorrow morning</li>
  <li>rtyler and danielbeck to investigate whether we can ensure OSI-licensed code is being distributed "all the way down" for plugins to comply with governance document guidelines around proprietary code in plugins</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> danielbeck <ol>
    <li>rtyler and danielbeck to investigate whether we can ensure OSI-licensed code is being distributed "all the way down" for plugins to comply with governance document guidelines around proprietary code in plugins</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>ogondza will push 2.32.3 RC tomorrow morning</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler and danielbeck to investigate whether we can ensure OSI-licensed code is being distributed "all the way down" for plugins to comply with governance document guidelines around proprietary code in plugins</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (115)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (46)</li>
  <li>ogondza (14)</li>
  <li>orrc (10)</li>
  <li>ageer (7)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>autojack (1)</li>
  <li>schristouu88 (1)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
