<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:01:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:01:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:01:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">danielbeck kohsuke hare_brain</span>
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:01:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Current chairs: danielbeck hare_brain kohsuke rtyler
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:01:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> hi all
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:01:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Last meeting actions</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:01:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> hello
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:01:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> there really weren't any, just ogondza pushing the LTS RC
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:01:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> which I'm pretty sure I saw that he did
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:01:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> of course my days blur together a bit
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:02:14 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">taps foot</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:02:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> alright moving on
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:02:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">LTS status check</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:02:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> without ogondza, not sure what we can really discuss here
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:02:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> dunno
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:03:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> we can all just close eyes and meditate for 15 secs for world peace
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:03:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I tested it a bit, does not qualify as RC testing though
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:03:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Not sure if we can release without +1 from Oliver
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:04:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Is anybody waiting for the release?
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:04:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> while we're meditating, i'll brb
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Asked my colleagues just in case
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:06:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> o/
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:06:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> sorry, have we started already?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:06:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We're actually at the "LTS Status check" topic
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:07:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> sorry, stale connection
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:07:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So the floor is yours
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:07:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> the testing looks good
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:07:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I have heard no complains
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:07:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I have discovered no issues on my test instance
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:07:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> cool
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:07:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> ship it?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:08:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> in that case, I thing we are ready to, well, ship it
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:08:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> think, I mean
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:08:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> BTW, we have a pail of new tests contributed by students and no new ATH failures
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:08:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> ATH tests
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:09:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Yay
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:09:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> So a release is good to go, right?
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:09:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">kohsuke, please release 2.60.2</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:09:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> yes, sir
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:09:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> aye aye captain
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:09:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> yey
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:09:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Then let's move on...
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:09:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Deprecate "jenkins" official docker image (that we don't control) and "jenkinsci/*" and start deploying our own stuff under "jenkins/*"</span>
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:09:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> this is ndeloof's topic, want to introduce it ndeloof ?
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:09:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> right
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> so we have "jenkins" official image
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:10:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> we don't control this
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:10:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">http://hub.docker.com/_/jenkins</span>
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:10:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> need a manual validation (PR) on docker's repository
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:10:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> +1 for doing it
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:10:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> so, can't guarantee LTS release delay in case of 0-day security issue (worst scenario)
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:10:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> docker used to be reactive, anyway we don't like this, do we ?
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:11:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> that situation isn't a hypothetical
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:11:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:11:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Does this require some  release process updates? IOW, docker image creation should be a part of the release process just like deb,rpm,etc, right?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:11:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> we also publish under jenkinsci/* various images, including weekly and LTS
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:11:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> it has happened with every major core security release over the 6-9 months that I havfef watched
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:11:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> it already is
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:11:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> oh ok
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:11:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> great
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:11:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> but the "official" docker image MUST have a manual pull request to a repository owned by Docker, Inc.
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:11:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> yes indeed
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:11:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Yes, that part I know
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:12:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I think we need to just get rid of the Docker's one. They can set an alias
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:12:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> so we publish under jenkinsci/* registry
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:12:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> they can't. I've asked for it
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:12:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> they plan to implement this "some time"
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:12:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:12:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> about official image we can DEPRECATE it
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> elastic did as well
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:13:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Is the docker hub access problem for the infra team solved?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:13:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> but as part of this dicussion, I also suggest we move to "jenkins" registry
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:13:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> just like we moved from jenkins-ci.org to jenkins.io
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:13:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ndeloof:</span> there is no way we can automatically redirect users from jenkinsci/jenkins to jenkins/jenkins is there?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:13:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> we can move from jenkinsci/* to jenkins/*
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:13:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> no there's no official way
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:14:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> they have a prototype for it they plan to experiment on "some" images
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:14:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> I can ask we become such beta testers
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:14:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> "some time" :P
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:14:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I don't want to be a beta tester
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:14:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> this is a critical core distribution path
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:14:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> we can publish on both for some time
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:14:36 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">nods</span>
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:14:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> we probably should do the same for official one
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:14:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Works for me
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:14:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> and include a deprecation message, both in description and entrypoint script
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:15:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I will also create jenkins/agent-base and jenkins/jnlp-agent then
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:15:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Do we own the 'jenkins' org in Docker Hub?
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:15:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ndeloof:</span> I think we should publish to both, we can start to advertise the jenkins/jenkins on jenkins.io and then when Docker fixes "rename" or "move" we can get rid of jenkinsci/jenkins
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:15:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> they already exists. Those are automated builds
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:15:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> we own it
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:15:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> at least I do, jenkinsadmin, rtyler
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:15:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> it was reserved, I've asked for it
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:16:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I have access to both, yes
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:16:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> I've setup automated builds for slaves/ssh-slaves and jnlp-slaves docker images from github
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:17:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> my primary requirement is that users accessing/relying on jenkinsci/jenkins don't have their updates disrupted, so for me, we wouldn't be able to shutdown jenkinsci/jenkins until Docker Hub supports a "rename" or "redirect" type feature
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:17:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> (one key user for jenkinsci/jenkins is ci.jenkins.io :))
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:17:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> this issue already exists for people using official image. There's tons of them
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:17:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> but I also agree we should update the README with a "Deprecation" notice, but continue supporting it "best effort"
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:18:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> we can push on both, this is just about scripting
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:18:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> I also suggest we sign our images
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> that's a separate issue
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:18:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> let's focus on the topic at hand
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:18:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:18:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> are there any objections to making a deprecation notice on the "jenkins" official image?
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:19:19 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">starts his stop watch</span>
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:20:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:20:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> going once
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:20:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> fine for me
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:20:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> for info : https://github.com/docker-library/docs/pull/948
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:20:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">no objections to noting the "jenkins" official image as deprecated</span>
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:20:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> they just ask we push 2.60.x and document no further update will be released here
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:21:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> honestly, I don't think that's good enough, I think we should still keep it updated for some time
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:21:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> we'll need to write a blog post about this too
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:21:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">rtyler to work with ndeloof on communicating the deprecation of the "jenkins" image</span>
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:21:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> I suggest we also include a warning notice in the entrypoint script
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:21:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> but let's discuss this later
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:21:56 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">nods</span>
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:22:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> are there any objections to double-publishing key images to jenkinsci/ and jenkins/ ?
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:23:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> beep boop beep boop
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:23:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:23:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> maybe we should push a "ci.org" image to "jenkins" registry, just for the joke ?
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:23:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:23:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ndeloof:</span> would you be okay with raising this topic again in 6 months and perhaps Docker Hub will support "moves" or "redirects" at that point and we could then deprecate jenkinsci
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:23:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:23:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> works for me
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:23:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> +1 was for double-pushing
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:24:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> I'll ask them for schedule
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:24:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> at least I know who to ask now
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:24:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">we will start double-publishing key images for jenkinsci/ and jenkins/ orgs on dockerhub</span>
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:24:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> rtyler ndeloof: Can I get access to jenkins org to setup Agent images?
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:24:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">ndeloof to raise the topic of moving/deprecating the jenkinsci org on DockerHub in 6 months or so</span>
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:24:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> i'll handle that after the meeting :)
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:24:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> ty
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:24:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> they're already setup
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:25:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> as automated builds
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:25:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ndeloof:</span> do you think this is enough house-keeping on our docker images for today? or are there other aspects we should discuss?
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:25:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> https://hub.docker.com/r/jenkins/jnlp-slave/
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:25:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> https://hub.docker.com/r/jenkins/ssh-slave/
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:25:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ndeloof:</span> "slave" must die
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:25:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> ok. Then let's rename
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:25:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">rtyler to map all ther existing jenkinsci users over to the jenkins org</span>
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:25:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So I want to change them and deprecate  the old ones
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:25:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> anything else for this topic today ndeloof?
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:26:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> looks good to me
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:26:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> we can continue to discuss the things we need to do afterward in #jenkins
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:26:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> great, thanks for bringing this topic up ndeloof
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:26:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> right
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:26:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> that looks like it for today, so...
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:26:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:26:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ndeloof&gt;</span> have to leave for dinner with wife's familly, thanks folks
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:27:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> my calendar says August 2nd I don't think there are any major holidays then
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:27:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Next meeting August 2nd, 18:00 UTC</span>
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:27:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
