<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:02:32 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting's actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-7'>kohsuke</a>, 18:03:31)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-9'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:03:42)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS Status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-44'>kohsuke</a>, 18:08:13)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    run a release</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-48'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:08:50)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    write the upgrade guide</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-49'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:08:57)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    merge the update center PR for the new baseline once Artifactory
    index has 2.46.1</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-54'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:09:40)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Sublicense request, on behalf of JFrog, "Jenkins Community Day" event in Paris</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-87'>kohsuke</a>, 18:13:42)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">"Jenkins
    Community Day" sublicense request is granted. The usual attribution
    apply</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-116'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:17:26)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://www.jfrog.com/Artifactory/?km_source=google+ppc&amp;km_medium=cpc&amp;km_term=35774400220&amp;km_campaign=682253752&amp;km_keyword=jfrog&amp;km_adid=152106653455&amp;aw_campaignid=682253752&amp;aw_adgroupid=35774400220&amp;aw_device=c&amp;aw_keyword=jfrog&amp;aw_matchtype=e&amp;gclid=CLDomsGp_NICFQJsfgodkMUJcw">https://www.jfrog.com/Artifactory/?km_source=google+ppc&amp;km_medium=cpc&amp;km_term=35774400220&amp;km_campaign=682253752&amp;km_keyword=jfrog&amp;km_adid=152106653455&amp;aw_campaignid=682253752&amp;aw_adgroupid=35774400220&amp;aw_device=c&amp;aw_keyword=jfrog&amp;aw_matchtype=e&amp;gclid=CLDomsGp_NICFQJsfgodkMUJcw</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-122'>alyssat_</a>,
    18:18:15)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">alyssat_ to
    update approved trademark usage wiki page</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-123'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:18:30)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">alyssat_ to
    remove her tail</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-127'>batmat</a>,
    18:18:48)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Java 8 baseline bump heads up</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-131'>rtyler</a>, 18:19:24)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">a quick advertisement about a proposed Jenkins
    localization drive :
    https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-docs/pBn13p7FRH0/wUBgInrPBgAJ</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-132'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:19:33)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://jenkins.io/blog/2017/01/17/Jenkins-is-upgrading-to-Java-8/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-137'>batmat</a>,
    18:20:10)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/2802</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-140'>batmat</a>,
    18:21:01)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">a quick advertisement about a proposed Jenkins localization drive</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-173'>kohsuke</a>, 18:26:35)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting time</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-182'>kohsuke</a>, 18:28:44)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Next meeting will be April 12th the same time.
    Thank god time zone change is over!</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html#l-183'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:29:16)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:29:33 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>kohsuke to run a release</li>
  <li>danielbeck to write the upgrade guide</li>
  <li>danielbeck to merge the update center PR for the new baseline once Artifactory index has 2.46.1</li>
  <li>alyssat_ to update approved trademark usage wiki page</li>
  <li>alyssat_ to remove her tail</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> alyssat_ <ol>
    <li>alyssat_ to update approved trademark usage wiki page</li>
    <li>alyssat_ to remove her tail</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> danielbeck <ol>
    <li>danielbeck to write the upgrade guide</li>
    <li>danielbeck to merge the update center PR for the new baseline once Artifactory index has 2.46.1</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>kohsuke to run a release</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (62)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (52)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (23)</li>
  <li>batmat (19)</li>
  <li>alyssat_ (16)</li>
  <li>ogondza (5)</li>
  <li>allengeer (3)</li>
  <li>jglick (3)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
