<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:25 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Last meeting actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html#l-3'>rtyler</a>, 18:00:33)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html#l-12'>rtyler</a>, 18:03:03)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">2.73.3 was a security oriented release which
    went out this morning</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html#l-18'>rtyler</a>,
    18:03:42)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS baseline selection</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html#l-43'>rtyler</a>, 18:09:38)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">http://jenkins-ci.org/changelog</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html#l-45'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:09:53)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-2.87...jenkins-2.88">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-2.87...jenkins-2.88</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html#l-71'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:15:39)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza will
    initiate the new LTS line</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html#l-129'>ogondza</a>,
    18:29:32)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Jenkins Enhancement Proposals</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html#l-134'>rtyler</a>, 18:31:03)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/tree/jep-1/jep/1</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html#l-135'>rtyler</a>,
    18:31:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the pull request to master for JEP-1 is :
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/pull/12</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html#l-137'>rtyler</a>,
    18:32:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">kohsuke's absentee ballot vote for +1
    https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/5Lmd8GYt40w/tE7FTF-kCAAJ</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html#l-154'>rtyler</a>,
    18:37:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">michaelneale (of blueocean fame) sent his
    absentee ballot too
    https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/5Lmd8GYt40w/hlwfZqkYBQAJ</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html#l-164'>rtyler</a>,
    18:41:11)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Jenkins
    Enhancement Proposals as a process (defined in JEP-1) for improving
    Jenkins</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html#l-190'>rtyler</a>,
    18:49:36)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">bitwiseman to
    merge the JEP-1 pull request and update the draft status
    appropriately to Final</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html#l-192'>rtyler</a>,
    18:50:17)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html#l-205'>rtyler</a>, 18:52:49)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Nov 22nd, 18:00 UTC</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html#l-207'>rtyler</a>,
    18:53:58)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:55:04 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-11-08-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>ogondza will initiate the new LTS line</li>
  <li>bitwiseman to merge the JEP-1 pull request and update the draft status appropriately to Final</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> bitwiseman <ol>
    <li>bitwiseman to merge the JEP-1 pull request and update the draft status appropriately to Final</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>ogondza will initiate the new LTS line</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (79)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (54)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (35)</li>
  <li>jglick (14)</li>
  <li>bitwiseman (9)</li>
  <li>ogondza (8)</li>
  <li>andresrc (4)</li>
  <li>markewaite (3)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>olblak (2)</li>
  <li>autojack (1)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
