<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by danielbeck at 18:01:40 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-01-18-18.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting's actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-01-18-18.01.log.html#l-7'>danielbeck</a>, 18:02:25)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-01-04-18.00.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-01-18-18.01.log.html#l-8'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:02:32)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-01-18-18.01.log.html#l-11'>danielbeck</a>, 18:02:47)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Review GSoC project application status'</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-01-18-18.01.log.html#l-23'>danielbeck</a>, 18:04:55)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Bug Triage Team Idea</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-01-18-18.01.log.html#l-33'>danielbeck</a>, 18:06:55)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Slide-O-Mix
    to send email on bug triage team to the dev list</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-01-18-18.01.log.html#l-86'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:16:43)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">JDK8 baseline upgrade news</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-01-18-18.01.log.html#l-87'>danielbeck</a>, 18:16:52)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Jenkins core now builds on Windows and is green
    \o/ (err, blue):
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/2698</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-01-18-18.01.log.html#l-90'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:17:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">PR for the public announcement is up for
    review: https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/pull/545</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-01-18-18.01.log.html#l-91'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:18:05)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">FOSDEM planning update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-01-18-18.01.log.html#l-115'>danielbeck</a>, 18:21:46)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/FOSDEM+2017</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-01-18-18.01.log.html#l-117'>alyssat</a>,
    18:21:53)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-01-18-18.01.log.html#l-134'>danielbeck</a>, 18:28:05)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:28:42 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-01-18-18.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Slide-O-Mix to send email on bug triage team to the dev list</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> Slide-O-Mix <ol>
    <li>Slide-O-Mix to send email on bug triage team to the dev list</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>danielbeck (67)</li>
  <li>Slide-O-Mix (30)</li>
  <li>alyssat (9)</li>
  <li>jglick (9)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (9)</li>
  <li>ogondza (6)</li>
  <li>teilo (5)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (0)</li>
  <li>rtyler_ (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
