<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:00:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:00:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:00:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">danielbeck kohsuke hare_brain</span>
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:00:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Current chairs: danielbeck hare_brain kohsuke rtyler
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:00:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Recap last meeting's actiona</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:00:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> oops *shrug*
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:01:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span>  I can't speak for you, but I know I haven't had the time to see what amount of OSI-compliance enforcement we can do in Artifactory or elsewhere
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:01:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> me neither
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:01:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> wrt "whether we can ensure OSI-licensed code is being distributed "all the way down" for plugins to comply with governance document guidelines around proprietary code in plugins
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:01:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm going to go ahead and file an INFRA ticket so this doesn't get lost
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:01:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> right
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:01:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I also didn't tell the guy
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:02:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> can you plz
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:02:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I will
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-1085 FWIW
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:03:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> I'm assuming you pushed the 2.32.3 RC?
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:03:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:03:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> yay
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:03:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">LTS status check</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:04:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> The testing is done&lt; have heard no complains
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:04:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I have been running it for more than 1 week. LGTM
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> dogfooding it?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:04:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:05:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> when would 2.32.3 be pushed then?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:05:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> om nom
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:05:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> today
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:05:18 </span><span class="nka">* oleg-nenashev</span> <span class="ac">finally has a reasonably big Jenkins instance for testing</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:05:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">kohsuke please push 2.32.3</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:05:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> so the release is good to go
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> anything else on this topic we should cover?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:06:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> not from me
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:06:23 </span><span class="nka">* ogondza</span> <span class="ac">excited about the next one</span>
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:06:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Pick a new LTS baseline</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:06:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I think we need a version older than 2.47 due to Groovy 2.4.8
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:06:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> https://jenkins.io/changelog/
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:06:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev one of the storm votes is me, and I think the cloud vote is you?
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:07:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yes, it's mine
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:07:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> what does "Do not use this version if you are running Pipeline builds unless you also update Pipeline: Groovy to 2.28 or higher." mean?
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:07:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> But we have a confirmed bug, and Pipeline plugins need to be updated
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:07:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> is it refering to that jenkins version or all previous versions?
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:07:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ogondza https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-42189
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:07:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ogondza that version specifically
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:07:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev can be covered by upgrade guide
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:07:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> the Groovy upgrade broke `workflow-cps`
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:08:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Fix is released in `workflow-cps`.
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:08:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> So FWIW watchers on JENKINS-42189 are the reporter and "us"
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:08:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> But can be be sure this is the only introduced issue in Groovy?
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:08:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev no but JENKINS-42189 isn't a big enough deal to base anything on
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:08:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> The update was 10 days ago, maybe there are other regressions we have not seen
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev If we say "We are concerned more things could break", that's fine -- but what we've seen so far seems like no big deal
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:10:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> My opinion is not that strong
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:10:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Well. I disagree it is not a big deal. But there is a released fix. So I do not consider that a blocker for using 2.47.
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:10:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> jglick … based on actual user feedback
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:10:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> imho 2.47 with appropriate backports would be good
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:10:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> why not 2.48 then? No major changes
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:10:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> What would “appropriate backports” be rtyler?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:10:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> if we choose 2.47 we could as well go with 2.48 and pick up the new URLs. everything there was pretty minor
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:10:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> And it allows to pick the jenkins.io redirects
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:11:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I think the big decision here is between 2.46 and 2.48, based on our confidence in the Groovy upgrade
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:11:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jglick:</span> wasn't there a core change around the groovy thing, or was that just the pipeline plugin updates?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:12:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> The root cause was in the core
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:12:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> 2.47 updated Groovy in core. `workflow-cps` needed an update to avoid regressing.
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:12:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Isn't 2.48 too new?
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:12:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> a bit too new
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:12:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jglick:</span> and we would have no way of guarding against core upgrades without a plugin upgrade then right?
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:12:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> according to the previous practices, it's "too new" of course
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:12:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-2.47...jenkins-2.48 has nothing but URL changes
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:13:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> s/nothing/barely anything
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:13:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> that's not what the changelog says
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:13:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:13:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> and FWIW most of the stuff would be lts-candidate anyway IMO
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:13:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> so if we'd choose 2.47 + backports we could as well do 2.48
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:13:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Likely yes, including remoting 3.5
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:13:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I would be more comfortable with 2.46 given the groovy bump does not address anything critical
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:13:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> `DownloadFromURLInstaller` change is nontrivial
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:14:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> we know it broke single plugin that is in the spotlight - god know what else got broken
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:14:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> As is the `ListView` change.
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:14:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> so… 2.46 then?
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:14:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> s/what else/how man other plugins/
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:15:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I would prefer 2.46
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:15:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> FWIW I doubt the Groovy upgrade would have affected other plugins. Pipeline is just pretty special.
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:15:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> what would backport from 2.47 to 2.46 then?
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:15:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the windows service restart thing looks kind of notable
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:15:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> and remoting
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:15:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> +/-
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:15:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-2.46...jenkins-2.47</span>
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:16:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Windows has some potentially dangerous changes inside
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:16:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> essentially the rest of .47 sounds safe from my pow
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:16:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> if I manage to bribe ogondza, the redirect URLs 8)
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:16:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> from my perspective if you're comfortable with 2.46 and backporting from 2.47 the good bits, I'm +1 on 2.46
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:16:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I think 2.46 is acceptable to everyone here?
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:16:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:17:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:17:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;teilo&gt;</span> so memory leak issue sounds serious.  would that be a bckport candidate for .2 then?
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:17:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> for backports from newer releases we also still have two more weeks for soaking
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:17:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;teilo&gt;</span> (which seems more risky to me)
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:17:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> was `remoting` 3.5 really in 2.47?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:17:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> teilo probably not, it's a pretty big minor upgrade to groovy AFAICT
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:17:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jglick:</span> yes IIRC. Checking
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:17:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> oh, in root `pom.xml`, nvm
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:18:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> (at least until KK's core change lands then we can just patch in whatever we want into LTS…)
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:18:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> as far as I can tell everybody is agreeing on 2.46 as a starting point
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:19:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yes, remoting upgrade will be the lts-candidate
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the specific backports is an exercise for another time IMO
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:19:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agree </span><span class="cmdline">2.46 is the next LTS baseline</span>
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:19:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> (or is it #agreed?)
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:19:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> seems so
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:19:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I never remember
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:19:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> according to http://meetbot.debian.net/Manual.html#commands both work
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:19:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">The future of the patron program</span>
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:19:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> you're up buckaroo
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:20:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info: </span><span class="cmdline">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/-FwdQ-nw7Mc</span>
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:20:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> thanks oleg-nenashev was looking for that
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:20:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> basically, we have the patron program in which substantial donations to the project let donors show messages on the wiki
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:21:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alyssat_:</span> didn't a number of patrons stop renewing recently?
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:21:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> yes 2
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:21:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> but that can change every quarter
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:21:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> how many active patrons do we currently have?
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:21:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> at the moment is 1
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:22:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:22:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> however, recently we started moving content off the wiki -- quite a bit of user documentation and project documentation are already on jenkins.io, developer documentation will be soon, there's plugins.jenkins.io -- so the usefulness to everyone of the current implementation seems questionable
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:22:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> we're crushing it guise
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:22:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> in the current state patroning does not make sense of course
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:22:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> so I propose we either step it up, including issue tracker and/or site, or stop the program
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:22:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alyssat_:</span> who its the current patron?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:22:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> JFrog
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:23:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> See https://github.com/jenkins-infra/patron/blob/master/messages.xml
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:23:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> yes JFrog.
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:23:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> CloudBees and XebiaLabs are the 2 on pause at the moment
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:23:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> is it true that the exposure has decreased? That's something measurable
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:24:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> it doesn't matter, we're proactively moving key content from the wiki elsewhere
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:24:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> kohsuke not what I'm saying -- I'm sure the wiki is doing fine. But as we move content out of it, seems weird to limit this to the wiki
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:24:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> FWIW I also expect the wiki to be visited a lot more since we started this
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:25:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> but I haven't checked -- I just noticed that the wiki is no longer where docs go by default, so having that be the one location for the patron program seems weird
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:26:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Okay, then what's the motivation for us? The agenda says  "It doesn't make sense in its current form with the wiki slowly getting replaced", which I took it as "we are no longer giving patrons what they think they are getting, so it cannot continue as-is"
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:26:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> But I guess that's not it?
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:26:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> patron*
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:26:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> :P
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:27:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Is the point more like "we only have one patron now and maybe it's not worth the effort"?
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:27:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm on the same wave-length as danielbeck here, I think we should shutter the patron program, or retool it to expose patron content across more properties
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:27:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the latter option to me only makes sense if we were going to see more than one patron come back
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:27:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> kohsuke even if the absolute numbers are up from when we started this, I expect the relative numbers (all page views or however this is measured) to be lower, and keep getting lower, as documentation lives on jenkins.io, GitHub, etc.
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:28:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I would rather vote for second if we can do it more or less easily (e.g. Documentation and Blog pages)
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:29:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> at this point, I would like to not-volunteer to do the design work necessary to make those ugly little boxes fit seamlessly into jenkins.io or JIRA :P
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:30:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I guess I don't understand why the relative number matters, especially if we are not hearing from patrons themselves that this is a problem.
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:30:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> We seem to think the actual exposure is getting bigger because the total pie is getting bigger
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:30:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> kohsuke well, we're down to one right now…
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:30:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> how much of 2017 revenue can we expect from the patron program?
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:31:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> If the point is "the whole thing is not worth it if just for one patron" that's something I understand, and I asked that above
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:31:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> at minimum we could have 1 patron a quarter
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:31:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> this is another thing that invariably danielbeck, alyssat_, and I seem to end up maintaining, and if it's not putting money in the bank, I would rather have less of these superfluous things to do
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:32:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> So I don't have the exact tally but the donations from patron represents a large percentage of the total donations
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:33:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> OTOH it's not that we are in need of money ATM, and in the past when we did some fundraising drive, the community responded well
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:33:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> right, but according to rtyler we have costs of ~2k per year and have &gt;20k in the bank
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:33:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> can we punt this perhaps until next time and collect better numbres and provide a clearer proposal on shuttering or retooling?
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:33:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> although I only have treasurer reports from SPI, so that's an incomplete picture
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:34:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I'll provide the numbers for 2016 &amp; 2015
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:34:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> alyssat_ any idea when patrons typically donate? Do we have 2 weeks before that?
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:34:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">kohsuke to provide treasury numbers for 2015 and 2016</span>
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:34:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> It's not like we are getting donations in 100s
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:34:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> sometimes it right before the quarter
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:35:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> not necessarily 2 wks before
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:35:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:35:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> perhaps we can manage to conclude this on the dev list anyway once we have more info
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:36:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> shall we move on?
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:36:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">danielbeck to drive the patron program discussion further on the dev list for now</span>
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:36:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Obtain clearance on trademark usage "CloudBees Jenkins X"</span>
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:36:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> Some context from way back when, from the first time we first discussed the trademark approvals for CloudBees
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:37:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">kohsuke's original trademark grant proposal https://gist.github.com/kohsuke/573cb5620fcc25c9e5c0</span>
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:37:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">the meeting where we discussed it http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2014/jenkins.2014-11-26-19.13.log.html#l-66</span>
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:37:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">and of course the wiki page covering current usages https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Approved+Trademark+Usage</span>
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:38:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> this wasn't really a proposal from me, it was my attempt to capture the consensus during the meeting so that we can put this motion to a vote, which passed
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:38:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> okie
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:39:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the proposal that alyssat_ and I wanted to put forward was to grant CloudBees more leeway on renaming and switching their marketing around the use of "CloudBees Jenkins $Foo"
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:39:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler for non-empty $Foo ?
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:39:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I would add, with much stronger enforcement of our trademark guidelines, which CloudBees Marketing has been doing better with since two meetings ago
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:39:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> good question!
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:39:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It still may be "CloudBees Jenkins Open-Source Solution" or "CloudBees Jenkins Automation Server"
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:40:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alyssat_:</span> I think restricting the grant from a bare "CloudBees Jenkins" is a good restriction, what do you think
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:40:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> as in, it *must* always be CloudBees Jenkins Something
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:40:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:41:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> -1 on such proposal if there is no blacklisted names defined by the community
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:41:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">the proposal is then to loosen the restriction on approved trademark usage for "CloudBees Jenkins $X" with no allowance for bare "CloudBees Jenkins"</span>
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:41:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> blacklisted names?
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:41:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;	It still may be "CloudBees Jenkins Open-Source Solution" or "CloudBees Jenkins Automation Server"
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:41:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> See the examples above
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:42:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> hm
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:42:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> "CloudBees Jenkins Open-Source Solution" there seems contradiction in this name :P
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:43:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> hebh
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:43:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I think oleg-nenashev's point is valid
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:43:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I would prefer "CloudBees Jenkins Enterprise .*" or whatever else. Just to have additional word
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:44:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Or a blacklist from our side
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:44:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> As security officer, I don't think blacklists are great
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:44:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> so how about we say "no using phrase 'open source' and if verbiage may result in user confusion between Jenkins and CloudBees Jenkins X, CLoudBees has the responsibility to proactive discuss in a project meeting?"
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:44:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> heh
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:45:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;teilo&gt;</span> yeah CloudBees Jenkins Rules :)
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:45:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> does not make difference compared to the current approach
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:45:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> sure it does
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:45:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> "CloudBees Jenkins Engineer" was what originally motivated this discussion between alyssat_ and I
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:46:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> CloudBees Jenkins Training is something else I can imagine
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:46:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> "CloudBees Jenkins Engineer" is a member of "CloudBees Jenkins Team", right? :D
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:46:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:46:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler there is no meta-term for "all the things CloudBees sell" is there? So it could just be CloudBees Jenkins Metaterm Engineer?
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:46:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;teilo&gt;</span> Hmm the latter isnlt a violation if you use the apostophe "CLoudBees' Jenkins Training"
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:46:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> BTW those certification related name usages are discussed as a part of the certification discussion in this venue
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:47:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;teilo&gt;</span> and a small "t"
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:47:26 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">facepalms</span>
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:47:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">teilo:</span> always nice to have you awake for these :P
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:48:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So, what would be the proposal then?
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:48:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I don't think we are going to resolve this in the remaining 12 minutes. I suggest we move on
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:49:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I think the GSoC update is quick :-/
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:49:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">rtyler to come up with a more concrete proposal based on this meeting's feedback</span>
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:50:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> I'll have to think of how to properly define updated guidance in a way that gives CloudBees some leeway while avoiding confusion and potentials for abuse of the Jenkins trademark
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:50:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> thanks!
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:50:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC 2017 update</span>
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:50:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Jenkins project has NOT been accepted to GSoC 2017. We are waiting for the feedback from Google about the decision reasons</span>
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:50:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Ouch, that's too bad
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:51:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the responsibility rests on us here
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:51:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I sent org admins some thoughts already
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">18:51:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">After dozens of emails and blog posts we got 3 project ideas</span>
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">18:51:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> IMHO we didn't deserve GSoC, we had lackluster participation by potential mentors
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">18:51:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">18:52:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I just want to thank oleg-nenashev for the effort he put into this year's submission
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">18:52:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> ditto
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">18:52:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> thanks!
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">18:52:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> we did put together a good proposal
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">18:52:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> though I'm still very dissapointed
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">18:52:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> ... and others who also helped that effort
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">18:52:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> HOWEVER, this should prevent us from making contribution easier
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">18:52:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> And I think it correlates well with the number of people at the Governance meeting
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">18:53:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I think we should consider making a sprint before the summer to ease the learning curve for contribution
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">18:53:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> (see also danielbeck's developer docs effort)
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">18:53:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> rtyler kohsuke: I am working on several proposals for the onboarding process
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">18:53:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> "HOWEVER, this should prevent us from making contribution easier" huh?
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">18:53:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> the lack of students coming in
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">18:53:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler is there a "not" missing?
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">18:53:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> last year students forced us to write some documentation and revisit some developer on-boarding things
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">18:54:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> correct
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">18:54:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> i type god
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">18:54:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We rather need commercial companies than students
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">18:54:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">18:54:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> when you say we got 3 project ideas, are those from students?
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">18:54:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> From potential mentors
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">18:54:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> IOW, assuming parties are interesting/willing, is there a way to do this outside GSoC?
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">18:54:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> OK, then scratch that
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">18:54:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We have not reached the student application phase
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">18:55:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> I was against accepting project ideas without mentorship volunteers this year
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">18:55:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> last year we had a TON of ideas, and then when it came time to mentor students, lots of nothing :(
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">18:55:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I even went panhandling in my company in order to find some mentors :( Also failed
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">18:55:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">18:56:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> anything else we should cover here?
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">18:56:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So yeah, we need to do something
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">18:56:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> GSoC troubles are a contribution canary-in-the-coal-mine IMO
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">18:56:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> would it help for us to have more Jenkins exposure in colleges?
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">18:56:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">oleg-nenashev to write the proposals</span>
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">18:57:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alyssat_:</span> perhaps, any and all new blood in the project is good :)
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">18:57:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> exactly
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">18:57:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> But we failred on this year anyway
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">18:57:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Shall we wrap up?
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">18:57:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">18:57:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">18:58:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> beware the ides of march
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">18:58:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> looks like March 15 will be next up
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">18:58:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> same time, same place, yada yada
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">18:58:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
