<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 17:59:31 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Last meeting actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-5'>rtyler</a>, 17:59:46)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-08-02-18.00.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-6'>rtyler</a>,
    18:00:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://jenkins.io//projects/remoting/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-10'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:02:05)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://jenkins.io/blog/2017/08/11/remoting-update/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-11'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:02:17)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/3Vz_Db-rNzk</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-14'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:03:42)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-21'>rtyler</a>, 18:05:31)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke will
    you please ship 2.60.3?</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-38'>ogondza</a>,
    18:09:53)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next LTS baseline selection</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-40'>rtyler</a>, 18:10:15)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://jenkins.io/changelog/</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-41'>jglick</a>,
    18:10:27)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://github.com/stapler/stapler/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-48'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:12:31)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/stapler/stapler/pull/106">https://github.com/stapler/stapler/pull/106</a>
    is a feature with new API <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-52'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:13:19)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">2.73 should
    be the next baseline for LTS</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-70'>rtyler</a>,
    18:17:06)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">2.73 should
    be the next baseline for LTS</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-72'>rtyler</a>,
    18:17:15)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza
    initiate next LTS line for 2.73</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-75'>ogondza</a>,
    18:17:41)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">:
    oleg_nenashev and jglick to syncup on Stapler backporting
    approach</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-78'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:18:33)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Discuss proposal: Add optional "Released as" and "Stage Release" states to JIRA</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-82'>rtyler</a>, 18:19:37)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">:
    https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EIRuCMOjmPgpxybkWRPHfx1f1yglcuYlqPWN8K1Ni28/edit#</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-83'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:19:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">:
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/wzc4VLplHvs</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-84'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:20:03)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Jenkins World preparation</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-103'>rtyler</a>, 18:24:54)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We have a contributor summit on the 29th:
    https://www.meetup.com/jenkinsmeetup/events/241213280/</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-107'>rtyler</a>,
    18:25:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Please think about topics to discuss in the
    afternoon portion of the Contributor Summit</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-116'>rtyler</a>,
    18:27:46)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/2017-jenkins-contributor-appreciation-evening-tickets-32591665549">https://www.eventbrite.com/e/2017-jenkins-contributor-appreciation-evening-tickets-32591665549</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-117'>alyssat_</a>,
    18:28:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke and
    ogondza to figure out what kind of Release/LTS updates should be
    presented at the Contributor Summit</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-125'>rtyler</a>,
    18:30:45)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next Meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-128'>rtyler</a>, 18:31:07)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">next meeting will be Sept 13th</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html#l-161'>rtyler</a>,
    18:39:00)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:40:07 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>kohsuke will you please ship 2.60.3?</li>
  <li>ogondza initiate next LTS line for 2.73</li>
  <li>: oleg_nenashev and jglick to syncup on Stapler backporting approach</li>
  <li>kohsuke and ogondza to figure out what kind of Release/LTS updates should be presented at the Contributor Summit</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> jglick <ol>
    <li>: oleg_nenashev and jglick to syncup on Stapler backporting approach</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>kohsuke will you please ship 2.60.3?</li>
    <li>kohsuke and ogondza to figure out what kind of Release/LTS updates should be presented at the Contributor Summit</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>ogondza initiate next LTS line for 2.73</li>
    <li>kohsuke and ogondza to figure out what kind of Release/LTS updates should be presented at the Contributor Summit</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (62)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (36)</li>
  <li>ogondza (21)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (19)</li>
  <li>jglick (11)</li>
  <li>recena (6)</li>
  <li>alyssat_ (5)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>olblak (2)</li>
  <li>autojack (1)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
