<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:43 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Last meeting actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-5'>rtyler</a>, 18:00:58)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-24'>rtyler</a>, 18:07:37)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">"Day of Jenkins" sublicense request</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-42'>rtyler</a>, 18:12:25)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">: http://www.code-conf.com/doj/doj-gbg/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-53'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:15:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">: http://www.code-conf.com/doj/doj-osl/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-54'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:15:13)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">lakruzz to
    ensure that attribution for Jenkins as a registered trademark is
    added to the code-conf site</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-87'>rtyler</a>,
    18:22:07)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Day of
    Jenkins sublicense approve</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-88'>rtyler</a>,
    18:22:14)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    add it to the wiki page</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-89'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:22:28)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">"DevOps Connect &amp; Jenkins Days" sublicense request</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-90'>rtyler</a>, 18:22:35)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">the meeting from the previous discussion around
    CD Summit &amp; Jenkins Days
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-03-30-18.00.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-98'>rtyler</a>,
    18:24:06)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">alyssat_ to
    ensure that the proper attribution exists for the Jenkins registered
    trademark</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-117'>rtyler</a>,
    18:30:55)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">"DevOps
    Connect &amp; Jenkins Days" sublicense request granted</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-125'>rtyler</a>,
    18:32:30)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    update the wiki page because he'll already have it open</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-126'>rtyler</a>,
    18:32:43)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-127'>rtyler</a>, 18:32:48)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Other trademark usages</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-134'>rtyler</a>, 18:33:54)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://www.cvent.com/events/jenkins-automotive-and-embedded-day/event-summary-d2f9773096a648339f6e486c120d344f.aspx</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-135'>rtyler</a>,
    18:34:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">:
    https://www.cloudbees.com/event/cloudbees-jenkins-automotive-and-embedded-day</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-143'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:35:34)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">"Jenkins Automotive and Embedded Day" sublicense request</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-176'>rtyler</a>, 18:40:56)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://www.cloudbees.com/event/cloudbees-jenkins-automotive-and-embedded-day</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-177'>rtyler</a>,
    18:41:05)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">alyssat_ to
    ensure that the site and marketing materials attribute Jenkins as a
    properly registered trademark</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-178'>rtyler</a>,
    18:41:24)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    make sure we have clear and concise trademark attribution guidelines
    linked in the governance document</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-197'>rtyler</a>,
    18:46:22)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">"Jenkins
    Automotive and Embedded Day" sublicense request approved</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-199'>rtyler</a>,
    18:46:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">:
    https://gist.github.com/kohsuke/573cb5620fcc25c9e5c0</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-200'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:46:48)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-206'>rtyler</a>, 18:48:16)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://jenkins.io/content/event-calendar/</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html#l-212'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:49:34)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:49:41 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>lakruzz to ensure that attribution for Jenkins as a registered trademark is added to the code-conf site</li>
  <li>danielbeck to add it to the wiki page</li>
  <li>alyssat_ to ensure that the proper attribution exists for the Jenkins registered trademark</li>
  <li>danielbeck to update the wiki page because he'll already have it open</li>
  <li>alyssat_ to ensure that the site and marketing materials attribute Jenkins as a properly registered trademark</li>
  <li>rtyler to make sure we have clear and concise trademark attribution guidelines linked in the governance document</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> alyssat_ <ol>
    <li>alyssat_ to ensure that the proper attribution exists for the Jenkins registered trademark</li>
    <li>alyssat_ to ensure that the site and marketing materials attribute Jenkins as a properly registered trademark</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> danielbeck <ol>
    <li>danielbeck to add it to the wiki page</li>
    <li>danielbeck to update the wiki page because he'll already have it open</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> lakruzz <ol>
    <li>lakruzz to ensure that attribution for Jenkins as a registered trademark is added to the code-conf site</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to make sure we have clear and concise trademark attribution guidelines linked in the governance document</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (97)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (30)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (17)</li>
  <li>alyssat_ (16)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (15)</li>
  <li>orrc (14)</li>
  <li>lakruzz (14)</li>
  <li>ogondza (9)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
