<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:01 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Last meeting actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-7'>rtyler</a>, 18:00:23)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-24'>rtyler</a>, 18:04:26)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">2.46.3 is ready to be released according to
    ogondza</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-37'>rtyler</a>,
    18:07:03)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke,
    please release the .3</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-38'>ogondza</a>,
    18:07:18)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next LTS baseline selectin</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-43'>rtyler</a>, 18:08:46)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/2888">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/2888</a>
    simple Trilead version bump IIUC. <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-65'>jglick</a>,
    18:14:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Next lts will
    be 2.60</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-68'>ogondza</a>,
    18:14:43)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza to
    initiate the new LTS line</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-70'>ogondza</a>,
    18:14:58)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">s - R. Tyler Croy, Olivier Vernin</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-74'>rtyler</a>, 18:15:33)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Purchasing a SendGrid account to send project emails from Azure-based applications</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-78'>rtyler</a>, 18:15:50)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">if anybody has a friend at sendgrid or knows if
    they support open source projects, reach out to me on
    infra@lists.jenkins-ci.org</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-99'>rtyler</a>,
    18:18:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">we'll spend a
    little bit of money on sendgrid for azure-based
    infrastructure</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-109'>rtyler</a>,
    18:20:41)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Add olblak as an admin in LDAP and provide access to jenkins-keys (</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-110'>rtyler</a>, 18:21:05)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">olblak to be
    granted infra admin access</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-133'>rtyler</a>,
    18:26:21)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Grant LDAP admin access to oleg-nenashev</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-136'>rtyler</a>, 18:27:10)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    grant oleg-nenashev superpowers</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-166'>rtyler</a>,
    18:35:09)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">oleg-nenashev
    to get superpowers</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-167'>rtyler</a>,
    18:35:24)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    teach oleg-nenashev how to use these superpowers</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-169'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:35:32)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-172'>rtyler</a>, 18:36:37)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">June 7th is the next meeting, same time same
    place</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html#l-175'>rtyler</a>,
    18:37:31)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:37:38 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-05-24-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>kohsuke, please release the .3</li>
  <li>ogondza to initiate the new LTS line</li>
  <li>rtyler to grant oleg-nenashev superpowers</li>
  <li>rtyler to teach oleg-nenashev how to use these superpowers</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>kohsuke, please release the .3</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>ogondza to initiate the new LTS line</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> oleg-nenashev <ol>
    <li>rtyler to grant oleg-nenashev superpowers</li>
    <li>rtyler to teach oleg-nenashev how to use these superpowers</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to grant oleg-nenashev superpowers</li>
    <li>rtyler to teach oleg-nenashev how to use these superpowers</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (78)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (47)</li>
  <li>ogondza (19)</li>
  <li>olblak (13)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (12)</li>
  <li>jglick (4)</li>
  <li>robobutler (3)</li>
  <li>autojack (1)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (0)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
