<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:05 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting's actiona</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-5'>rtyler</a>, 18:00:36)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-1085">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-1085</a>
    FWIW <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-16'>rtyler</a>,
    18:02:54)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-20'>rtyler</a>, 18:03:34)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke
    please push 2.32.3</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-29'>ogondza</a>,
    18:05:26)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Pick a new LTS baseline</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-34'>rtyler</a>, 18:06:29)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://jenkins.io/changelog/">https://jenkins.io/changelog/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-36'>rtyler</a>,
    18:06:33)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-2.47...jenkins-2.48">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-2.47...jenkins-2.48</a>
    has nothing but URL changes <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-68'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:12:46)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-2.46...jenkins-2.47</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-87'>jglick</a>,
    18:15:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">2.46 is the
    next LTS baseline</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-106'>danielbeck</a>,
    18:19:04)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">The future of the patron program</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-111'>rtyler</a>, 18:19:46)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">:
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/-FwdQ-nw7Mc</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-113'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:20:06)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    provide treasury numbers for 2015 and 2016</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-160'>rtyler</a>,
    18:34:25)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    drive the patron program discussion further on the dev list for
    now</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-167'>rtyler</a>,
    18:36:18)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Obtain clearance on trademark usage "CloudBees Jenkins X"</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-168'>rtyler</a>, 18:36:36)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">kohsuke's original trademark grant proposal
    https://gist.github.com/kohsuke/573cb5620fcc25c9e5c0</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-170'>rtyler</a>,
    18:37:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the meeting where we discussed it
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2014/jenkins.2014-11-26-19.13.log.html#l-66</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-171'>rtyler</a>,
    18:37:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">and of course the wiki page covering current
    usages
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Approved+Trademark+Usage</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-172'>rtyler</a>,
    18:37:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the proposal is then to loosen the restriction
    on approved trademark usage for "CloudBees Jenkins $X" with no
    allowance for bare "CloudBees Jenkins"</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-184'>rtyler</a>,
    18:41:24)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    come up with a more concrete proposal based on this meeting's
    feedback</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-213'>rtyler</a>,
    18:49:10)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC 2017 update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-216'>rtyler</a>, 18:50:31)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Jenkins project has NOT been accepted to GSoC
    2017. We are waiting for the feedback from Google about the decision
    reasons</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-217'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:50:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">After dozens of emails and blog posts we got 3
    project ideas</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-221'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:51:27)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg-nenashev
    to write the proposals</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-256'>oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:56:39)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html#l-262'>rtyler</a>, 18:57:54)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:58:25 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>kohsuke please push 2.32.3</li>
  <li>kohsuke to provide treasury numbers for 2015 and 2016</li>
  <li>danielbeck to drive the patron program discussion further on the dev list for now</li>
  <li>rtyler to come up with a more concrete proposal based on this meeting's feedback</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev to write the proposals</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> danielbeck <ol>
    <li>danielbeck to drive the patron program discussion further on the dev list for now</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>kohsuke please push 2.32.3</li>
    <li>kohsuke to provide treasury numbers for 2015 and 2016</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> oleg-nenashev <ol>
    <li>oleg-nenashev to write the proposals</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to come up with a more concrete proposal based on this meeting's feedback</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (97)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (51)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (48)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (25)</li>
  <li>ogondza (16)</li>
  <li>jglick (11)</li>
  <li>alyssat_ (11)</li>
  <li>teilo (5)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
